Listen up. Google just dropped something
that changes everything. Gemini is not
just another AI tool. It thinks, it
codes, it automates, it reads your
files, your emails, your whole business.
And most people have zero idea how
powerful this actually is. By the end of
this, you'll know exactly how to use it
to build and automate anything. Let's
go. Now, let's talk Gemini. Google
Gemini is Google's most powerful AI
model. Full stop. It's not just a
chatbot. It's a full system that can
read text, images, PDFs, video, audio
code, and more all at once. That's
called multimodal. And it matters
because most AI tools can only do one
thing at a time. Gemini does all of it
together. There are a few versions.
Gemini Flash is fast and cheap. Gemini
Pro is smarter. Gemini Ultra is Google's
most powerful one yet. For most things
you want to build and automate, Gemini
Pro or Flash will do the job. And the
best part, a lot of it is free or very
close to free. Now, here's where it gets
interesting. Stick with me. Gemini music
update is insane.
Google just dropped something insane.
You can now make your own music with AI.
No studio, no instruments, no skills
needed. Just type what you want and
boom, a full track with lyrics and cover
art. This changes everything for content
creators. And I'm going to show you
exactly how it works today. Okay, so
Google just updated Gemini with
something called LIA 3. And I want to
break this down fast because this is
genuinely one of the most useful AI
updates I've seen in a long time. Let me
tell you what it is, how it works, and
then I'll show you exactly how you can
use it to grow your business and create
better content. Stay with me because
there's a part later in this video that
most people are going to miss and it's
the part that actually matters. So, what
is LIA 3? It's Google's new AI music
model. It's built into the Gemini app
right now as a beta feature. And what it
does is generate full 30 secondond music
tracks from a text prompt. That's it.
You just describe the music you want and
it makes it. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. You can say
something like nostalgic afrobe about
childhood memories and it will create a
track with lyrics with vocals with a
mood that matches what you asked for. It
even generates cover art automatically.
This is not a toy. This is a real tool.
Now before I go further, I want to flag
something important. This is still in
beta. That means Google is still rolling
it out. Not everyone has access yet, but
it is live inside the Gemini app and
it's available to try right now if
you've got access. Let me walk you
through how it actually works. You open
up the Gemini app. You go to the music
generation feature and then you have a
few ways to use it. Option one, text
prompt. You just type in a description
of the music you want, style, mood,
tempo, lyrics, theme, all of it. The
model reads your prompt and generates a
track. Option two, you upload a photo or
a video. Lia 3 will read the mood of
that media and match the music to it.
So, if you upload a sunny beach video,
it's going to give you something light,
upbeat, maybe acoustic. If you upload a
dark moody shot, you're getting
something different entirely. And here's
the part that I think a lot of people
are sleeping on. You get controls. You
can adjust the style, the vocals, the
tempo, the mood. So, you're not just
hitting generate and hoping for the
best. You have real input over what
comes out. Now, here's something that
matters a lot. If you're creating
content professionally, every single
track that comes out of LIA 3 has
something called symphid watermarking
built in. This is Google's AI detection
system. It means every track is marked
as AI generated at a signal level that
humans can't hear. And that's exactly
what we do inside the AI profit
boardroom. We take the best AI tools,
tools like LIA 3, like the stuff Google
is dropping right now, and we show you
the exact process for using them to grow
your business, save time, and get more
customers. Real use cases, real
workflows, not theory. If you want to
learn how to save time and automate your
content creation with AI tools like LIA
3 and everything else Google Gemini is
rolling out, the AI profit boardroom is
the place to be. Links in the comment
and description. Go check it out. If you
want something for a YouTube intro,
cinematic, dramatic, building tension,
orchestral with modern electronic
elements, 15 to 30 seconds, for a calm
explainer video, soft acoustic
background music, slow tempo,
warm and friendly, no lyrics, suitable
for a tutorial. You're for a high energy
short form clip trap beat, fast, hype,
modern, punchy, no vocals. for a brand
story video, emotional, pianoled,
inspiring, slow build, hopeful tone.
These are all real prompts you can drop
into LIA 3 right now. Test them, see
what it gives you. Adjust the controls,
regenerate. You'll find something usable
in minutes. Now, let me talk about the
lyrics feature because this is
interesting. Why does this matter? Two
reasons. One, it's copyright safe. LIA 3
does not copy artists. It doesn't mimic
specific musicians in a way that would
get you in legal trouble. The outputs
are original. You can use them. Two is
transparent. The watermark is there so
that if anyone ever checks, they know
this was made by AI. In a world where AI
content rules are changing fast, that
kind of transparency is actually a good
thing. Now, let me show you some real
examples of how you'd use this. And I'm
going to make this practical because
that's the whole point. Let's say you're
creating content for the AI profit
boardroom, which is the best community
out there right now for scaling your
business and getting more customers with
AI automation. If you haven't checked it
out yet, I'll get to that in a second.
You're making a promo video. You need
background music that feels exciting,
modern, forward thinking. Something that
says AI is the future, and you need to
be part of this. You'd open Gemini, go
to LIA 3, and type something like
upbeat, energetic, modern, electronic
track with a motivational feel, fast
tempo, no lyrics for a business promo
video, and it builds it in seconds.
Custom, copyright safe, ready to use. Or
let's say you're making a short form
video breaking down an AI automation
strategy for your audience. You upload a
screen recording of a workflow you've
built. Liia 3 reads the visual clean
tech professional, matches music to the
mood automatically. That saves you
hours. You don't have to go troll
through stock music libraries. You don't
have to pay for a subscription to a
music licensing site. You generate it,
it's done. Now, I want to pause here for
a second because I think there's a
bigger picture point worth making. We
are at a moment right now where almost
every part of content creation can be
automated or assisted by AI. Writing,
images, video, and now music. The gap
between people who know how to use these
tools and people who don't is getting
bigger every single week. If you're
watching this video, you're already
ahead of most people. But knowing about
the tool is not the same as actually
building it into your workflow. When you
turn on vocals, LIA 3 will autogenerate
lyrics based on your prompt. So, if you
say, "Write an upbeat song about
building your dream business from
scratch," it's going to give you lyrics.
Not perfect, not always what you'd write
yourself, but usable, editable, a
starting point for short content, reals,
Tik Toks, YouTube shorts. This could be
genuinely useful. You could have a
branded audio piece with lyrics that you
use consistently. That kind of
recognizable audio is actually a smart
brand play because platforms like Tik
Tok and Instagram reward content that
uses distinctive sound. And again, all
of this is copyright safe. No artist is
getting mimicked. You own the output.
You can use it. One more thing I want to
flag before I wrap up. The cover art.
When LIA 3 generates a track, it also
generates cover art to match. Now, I
know what you're thinking. Why does that
matter for video content? And honestly,
for most use cases, it doesn't. But if
you're making podcast episodes, audio
content, or anything where you need a
visual thumbnail to go with a music
file, this is a nice touch. It's all in
one place. So, let me summarize what LIA
3 gives you. Text to music generation,
30-cond custom tracks, autogenerated
lyrics when you want them, photo and
video to music matching, style, tempo,
mood, vocal controls, symph watermarking
for transparency and legal safety,
autogenerated cover art. All of this
inside the Gemini app beta right now.
Free to try if you have access. This is
genuinely useful, not hype. real utility
for anyone creating content for a
business, a brand or a personal channel.
And if you want to stay ahead of every
update like this, every tool, every
workflow, every AI move that matters for
growing your business, that's what we
track inside the AI profit boardroom.
Every week, we're breaking down the
tools that are actually worth your time,
so you don't have to go hunting for it
yourself. Now, if you want to dive even
deeper into AI automation, I've got
something special for you. I run a
community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. the best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Gemini Music. And if
you want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 45,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. The link is in the
comments and description. Gemini 3.1 Pro
is insane. Google just dropped Gemini
3.1 Pro and the internet is losing its
mind. This thing is twice as smart as
the last version. Not a little better.
Twice. It thinks, it reasons, it figures
stuff out like a real person and it
handles text, images, audio, video, and
code all at the same time. No extra
tools, no switching apps, one model,
everything. On benchmarks right now, it
is beating the competition and it costs
less to run. Google went full beast mode
with this one. I am going to show you
exactly what it does, why it matters,
and how to use it to grow your business.
Real prompts, real examples, stuff you
can copy and use today. By the end of
this video, you are going to know more
about Gemini 31 Pro than 99% of people
out there. So stay with me because this
one is genuinely crazy. Let's go. Hey,
if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below and let him know what you think of
this one. Okay, so Gemini 3.1 Pro,
Google just released it and I want to
break it down as simply as possible
because there is a lot of noise out
there and not a lot of signal. I am
going to cut through all of that and
just tell you what actually matters and
what you can actually use. Deal. Let's
do it. What is Gemini 3.1 Pro? Gemini
3.1 Pro is Google's most powerful AI
model right now. It is their flagship,
their best. And this version 3.1 is a
major step up from version 3.0. The
headline number is this more than 2x
better at reasoning. That is not a small
upgrade. That is a completely different
level of thinking. What does that
actually mean? It means this model does
not just answer questions. It works
through problems. It plans. It connects
ideas. It thinks step by step like a
smart person who actually understands
what you're asking. Not just a tool that
pattern matches to give you a generic
answer. And it is not just text. Gemini
3.1 Pro handles text, images, audio,
video, and code all together in one
model natively. No extra plugins, no
gluing tools together. One model does
all of it at once. That is a big deal.
And most people do not realize how rare
that actually is. Why it matters.
Here is why this changes things. Most AI
tools are good at one thing. Write me a
blog post. Generate some code. Summarize
this document. Fine. But Gemini 3.1 Pro
connects the dots between all of it. You
can give it an image and ask a question
about it. You can drop in a long
document and ask it to reason through a
strategy. You can show it a competitor's
page and ask it to build you a better
one. That is a completely different
category of useful. And on top of that,
the context window on this model is
around 1 million tokens. That is
enormous. you you can paste in an entire
book, a full code base, hours of
transcripts, and it holds all of it. It
remembers all of it. It works across all
of it without losing the thread. For
anyone doing research, writing long-
form content, or building AI systems
into their business, that is massive.
Before we get into the demos, if you are
watching this and thinking, okay, this
is cool, but how do I actually plug this
into my business and make it work? That
is exactly what we do inside the AI
profit boardroom. It is a community and
resource hub built for entrepreneurs who
want to use AI tools like Gemini 3.1 Pro
to automate, systemize, and scale their
businesses. Real workflows, real
templates, real systems you can actually
use, not theory, practical stuff. If
that sounds like you, link is in the
description. Go check it out, then come
back and we will keep going. Real world
demos. Now, this is the part I love. Let
me show you how to actually use Gemini
3.1 Pro with real prompts. You can
steal. Right now I am going to use the
AI profit boardroom as the example
because it is real, it is practical and
it shows you exactly how you would do
this in your own business. First example
content strategy. Let's say you want to
grow the AI profit boardrooms YouTube
channel and get more subscribers. You
open Gemini 3.1 Pro and you type you are
a YouTube growth strategist. Create a
90-day content plan for a community
called AI Profit Boardroom. It helps
entrepreneurs use AI automation to grow
their businesses. The goal is to grow
subscribers and build authority. Include
video topics, hooks, and a posting
schedule. That's it. And what comes back
is not a generic list. It reasons
through what that specific audience
wants to watch, what topics will grow
the channel, and how to structure the
calendar. That would take a strategist
hours. Gemini does it in seconds. The
second example, sales copy. You want
more people to join the AI profit
boardroom. You type write a high
converting landing page for a community
called AI profit boardroom has 40,000
members who use AI automation to grow
their businesses. Speak to entrepreneurs
who feel behind on AI and want a simple
system to stay ahead, use short punchy
sentences and focus on the
transformation. Gemini does not just
write words. It thinks through the
biocsychology, structures the page
properly and gives you copy you can
actually use. Third example, this is
where the multimodal stuff gets wild.
You take a screenshot of a competitor's
landing page. You upload it to Gemini
3.1 Pro. Then you type analyze this
landing page. What is working? What is
missing? Now write a better version for
the AI profit boardroom that would
outperform this one. It looks at the
image. It reads the content. It reasons
through the strategy. Then it builds you
a better version. That is not just AI.
That is like having a full creative team
in one tool. Where to get it and how to
start, right? So, where do you actually
access Gemini 3.1 Pro? If you are not a
developer, start with the Gemini app. Go
to gemini.google.com.
If you are on the pro or enterprise
tier, you will get access. That is the
easiest entry point. If you are a
developer, Google AI Studio is where you
want to be. You can test the model, use
the API, and build it into your own
products. Vertex AI is for teams and
larger businesses building AI into their
workflows at scale. And if you work in
the terminal, there is Gemini CLI 2.
Pick the one that fits where you are
right now and just start. Do not
overthink it. One use case, one
workflow, see what it does, then build
from there. What is coming next? Here is
the thing that gets me genuinely excited
about this. Gemini 3.1 Pro is not just a
standalone model. Google is weaving it
into everything. Search Notebook LM
Workspace the tools millions of people
use every day are about to get this
reasoning power built directly in.
Imagine Google Docs understanding the
full context of your business and
helping you write with that in mind.
Imagine search that actually reasons
through your query instead of just
matching keywords. That is where this is
heading and it is coming faster than
most people think. The businesses that
understand this now and start building
AI workflows today are going to be so
far ahead of the ones who wait.
All right, two things before you go and
I will keep it short. First, if you want
to go deeper with tools like Gemini 3.1
Pro and learn how to plug them into a
real business system, join the AI profit
boardroom. It is where we take the
latest AI tools and turn them into
actual workflows. You can use templates,
SOPs, strategies, all of it. Link is in
the description. Second, if you want
something free to start with right now,
join the AI success lab. It is our free
AI community with over 40,000 members
who are using AI every day to grow their
businesses. You will get the full notes
from this video, 100 plus AI use cases,
and access to a community of people who
are actually doing this stuff. Links are
in the comments and description.
Go grab them both. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below and let him know what you think of
this one and I will see you in the next
video. Google Gemini 3.1 Pro just
dropped today and we're testing out
together right now. Here's what makes
this a big deal. So Gemini is basically
Google's most powerful model and now we
have 3.1 Pro out, which is an even
better version of this. This has just
dropped. Um, and it's going to be
interesting to test this out. You can
see the benchmarks right here in terms
of how it performs. I do think Google
are well overdue an upgrade, especially
since Sonic 4.6 and Grock 4.2 just came
out recently and you can see the
benchmarks in terms of how it performs
right here. So, it's a huge step up
especially on humanity's last exam. You
see it scores 44% versus Free Pro which
was 37% and uh it's outperforming
everyone on that. I don't really care
about the benchmarks, but that's just uh
an example of how it looks and how it's
performing. So, we're going to test out
together. Um figure out what it could
do, test it live, break it, push it,
build real stuff with it, and just find
out together what works and what
doesn't. By the end of this video, I'm
going to give you a 30-day plan, over
100 prompts you can copy and paste and a
clear picture of whether this is worth
your time. Let's get straight into it.
And if you haven't used this before, you
can go over to AI Studio to get access.
And you can see an example right here.
So, if we go to AI Studio Playground,
and then you can switch between the
models over here. So, we're going to
switch to Gemini. And you can see
Proview is ready to go right there.
Right. So, it's Pro Preview that you can
use for this. and then we can test out
some prompts. So, let's try this out.
So, we're going to plug in this prompt
over here. And then we can switch on the
tools as well. You can add an API key as
well if you want. Then we'll hit run.
All right. So, we've got Gemini 3 Pro
set up right there. We can switch the
level of thinking level as well. And you
can get this at a studio.com. That's how
you can get access to this. James says,
"Is he late?" No. And Cal says, "Hey,
good to see you, man." You can actually
see a comparison side by side. So, this
is uh Gemini 3 Pro versus 3.1 Pro. quite
a big difference in the amount of detail
that's inside that as well. Um, and
obviously the designs look much nicer
from 3.1 Pro. So, let's come back to AI
Studio. We've got the code building out
here. Now, we got the code finalized.
Let's play this and show the preview.
Here's an example. And uh, it doesn't
actually work. It doesn't work. SA says
everything is moving so fast. Fast
enough that the games you create this
literally it won't it won't start. I
think it's cuz it's got audio inside the
prompt. Not so good. That's That's an
interesting one because actually um
when you're when I've tested that out
with like Sonic and Gro 4.2 recently, it
worked perfectly which is crazy. So,
we'll try something else now. So, we'll
go with Space Invaders game and try that
out. Says, "Looking forward to seeing
this." Peak says, "Hello, sir. Good to
see you all here. Thanks for
commenting." Meredia says, "Are you
doing coding for games?" We're doing
coding for everything, including games.
Me personally, I run an AI automation
community. have a AI agency um and an
SEO agency. So you can see we run the AI
profit boardroom and that's basically
what um we use to to help people with
AI. Now if we go over to Gemini directly
as well we can use 3.1 here. So just
make sure you selected pro in the
bottom. So you can see you've got
multiple options fast thinking and pro
and you would select pro here and then
you can go from here. All right. So, for
example, let's say um create a neon 3D
racer game, something like that, and
we'll test it out. Shack says 3.1. I I
wouldn't say that. It's just like, you
know, it's it's it's one of those where
like it's always like this when the new
models come out, usually because
everyone's using them, they tend to be
worse. And whereas like a week later,
you realize, oh yeah, it's pretty cool.
It's pretty good. Peak says, "For
website SEO for OpenCL with which one
model is best for it?" Claude Sonnet is
the best for writing human content, SEO
content, etc. What are we doing? We're
testing out Gemini 3.1. What type of AI
could I sell to someone to assist with
SEO? So, anything that you can do with
SEO, you can automate, right? So, for
example, outreach you can automate. Um,
for example, you've got um
you've got SEO content writing you can
automate. Even internal links and stuff
like that you can automate with AI. So
most of the stuff that people do with
SEO you can automate. You think it's
because of peak usage? Well, that's one
of the reasons that I mentioned a second
ago, but it could be because of many
things, right? Who knows? Maybe it's
just not that good. What about besides
the basics? Trouble selling regular SEO
at the moment. I would just ask clients
what they want to see, right? Like
best way is always speak to your
customers and see what they want
directly. Liber says, "Hello, sir. Is
there a way to use claw code for free
using O Lama?" Yeah, you don't need high
compute for Quen 3.5 because you're
using the cloud model, the cloud API,
right? But we've got loads of training
inside the A offer B on how to do that
if you if you need some help on that
stuff. So, if we go back to the
playground here, we've got we're going
to switch to Gemini 3 Pro Preview, and
we'll do a side-by-side comparison
where we'll compare
the outputs of Gemini 3.1 Pro, which
we've got with this one, versus the
outputs of Google Studio, right, which
is this one, um, with Gemini 3 Pro. So,
we're going to run that inside here.
Exactly the same prompt. And then if we
go back to 3.1 Pro, we can test this
out. Tough game. It's pretty hard to
play. There we go. It's pretty cool.
Nice playable game. Quite fun. So that
is 3.1. And then let's come back to AI
Studio. And we got 3.0 running here. So
this is 3.0, right? Which is kind of not
as interesting to play as you can see.
And uh it doesn't have like a clear
track whereas this one is a bit more bit
more interesting, you know? It's got
like a clear racing track and everything
else on it. Um, so the outputs here,
there's quite a big difference between
say this game and the game that we
generated with 3.1. Let's try another
example. So, what I'm going to do is try
and build out a website for the AR
profit boardroom, which is our AI
automation community, like you see. So,
we're going to grab that content over
here. Then, we'll go over to Gemini,
plug this in, and say create a beautiful
mini
interesting website for the AR profit
border. So, we say that,
switch to canvas, make sure we got 3.1
Pro. There we go. And then we'll do the
same inside Gemini 3 Pro preview. See
what we get back in both. Peak selection
says, "But for Claude, we have to buy
API. Too expensive." Well, I mean, do
you want the best or do you want the
cheapest? If you want the cheapest, um,
then you can just use a free API. Like,
for example, you've got Lama, you got
Kim K2.5,
you've got Miniax as well, which gives
you a 7-day coding plan. So, it depends
if you want the best or you want the
cheapest, right? They're never going to
be the same thing. All right, so we got
the website from Gemini 3.1 Pro.
honestly doesn't look as good as
something I would develop with uh with
Claude. Honestly, I say develop, I mean
just like, you know, create with Claude.
So, we got the website here. It still
looks pretty basic. It still feels like
AI, right? Like, if you look at this,
you think me it's not as interesting as
the one we currently have, which was
created with Open Claw using Claude
Sonic. I think this looks a lot nicer
than what we've got from Gemini 3.1. But
let's have a look what we get back in a
second from Gemini 3.0. We'll compare
them side by side. Did you give the
exact same prompts to both models? We
did indeed. So, but I mean like when the
the prompt that we used for the air
profit boarding with Sonnet like I don't
know it was done it was done weeks ago.
So I I couldn't tell you whether we use
the exact same prompt but it was
something very similar. So if we have a
look here
this is 3.0. I will say this doesn't
look as good
as the one from 3.1. So, I do think that
like 3.1 it genuinely feels like a step
up, even if it's just very slight, if
that makes sense. So, overall, I think
it's like a tiny little upgrade, but it
is available and it does seem to
outperform Gemini 3.0 Pro when we test
the exact same prompts side by side
against each models. So, Gemini 3.1
seems good so far. I think as well like
the more you use it, the more you test
what it can do and what sort of cool
stuff you can do with it as well. Bear
in mind, it just came out today, but so
far so good. So, thanks so much for
watching. If you want to get all the
video notes from today, we've got that
inside the AI profit boardroom. This is
my AI automation community that teaches
you how to grow your business, save
time, and scale we automation. Inside
the community, we've got 2,400 members
and you can ask questions, get help, get
support whenever you want to. If you
want to jump on weekly video coaching
calls, you can do that inside the
calendar. Jump on live coaching
sessions, ask any questions, etc. Inside
the map, you can meet people locally in
your area, DM them, ask them questions.
And then inside the classroom, too, you
can see that we have all of our best
courses. So, for example, you can learn
AI automation and how to automate your
business in and just go from beginner to
expert in just 5 weeks. Plus, you learn
how to build your first AI agent in
under 5 minutes. If you want to get my
best playbooks on how to automate AI
avatar videos, how to
How to automate X, newsletters, shorts,
even Instagram. That's all inside here,
too. If you want to get the video notes
from today, you can get that inside the
S&P updates section. As you can see, it
comes with a 30-day plan for mastering
Gemini 3.1, all my best prompts, etc.
And also inside here, we have a full
6hour course on how to use Open Claw,
plus a mobile course as well. Plus, we
update this daily. So you can see, for
example, we've got four new guides set
up today. And everything that I learn
about AI, I share inside the AI profit
boardroom so that you can stay updated
with the latest stuff and exactly how to
use it with video tutorials and
step-by-step guides like you can see,
plus 30-day plans, right? So that's all
inside the AR profit boardroom. Bear in
mind, it's not just me winning with this
stuff. So for example, these are we
actually have over 129 pages of
testimonials from people um who have
learned from our communities. And it's
pretty much an infinite scroll at this
point. So you can see all the cool stuff
that people are doing and the results
people are getting with AI etc. And
that's all inside the AI profit
boardroom. So feel free to get that link
in the comments description or go to the
AI profit boardroom.com. Silo says, "Is
this a free community?" It's not a free
community. The AR profit boardroom is
not free. All right, thanks for
watching. Google Gemini's new free
updates are insane. Google just dropped
something massive and it's completely
free. I'm talking about tools that can
turn your notes into videos. Build
entire 3D worlds from a single prompt
and design websites in seconds. This
changes everything for business owners.
Today, I'm showing you Google Gemini's
newest updates that just dropped. And
honestly, these are game changers. We're
talking about five major tools that
Google just made available. And the best
part, but most of them are completely
free. I'm going to walk you through each
one, show you exactly how they work, and
more importantly, how you can use them
to grow your business. Right now, let's
jump in. First up is Notebook LM. Now,
you might have heard of Notebook LM
before. It's been around for a bit, but
Google just added something incredible.
You can now turn your notebooks into
videos. And not just any videos,
professionallook videos that you can use
for content. Here's how it works. You
open Notebook LM on your phone. You
upload your notes. Could be meeting
notes, could be research, could be
anything. Then, you hit a button and
Notebook LM creates a video summary of
everything. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. The crazy
part, the AI actually generates hosts,
like two people talking about your
content. They discuss the main points.
They break down complex ideas. They make
it engaging. Think about this for a
second. You're running a business. You
have tons of information about your
products, you know, your services, your
results. Most of that information is
just sitting in documents somewhere
doing nothing. Now, you can turn all of
that into video content. And here's
where it gets better. You can use these
videos everywhere. Post them on social
media, add them to your website, use
them in email campaigns, send them to
potential customers. The mobile version
makes this even easier. You're out and
about, you have an idea, you record some
voice notes, you upload them to Notebook
LM on your phone. And by the time you
get back to your desk, you have a video
ready to go. And let me tell you
something else about Notebook LM that
most people are missing. The quality of
these videos is actually good. Like
really good. The AI hosts sound natural.
They have conversations that make sense.
They ask each other questions. They
build on each other's points. It doesn't
sound robotic or weird. Your audience
will actually want to watch these
videos. The mobile app makes this even
more powerful. You're at a networking
event. Someone asks you about your
business, you explain it.
Later that night, you upload your voice
notes from that conversation to Notebook
LM. The next morning, you have a video
explaining your business. You didn't
plan it. You didn't script it. You just
talked naturally. And now you have video
content. That's incredible. Now, if you
want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
Profit Boardroom. The best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like Google
Gemini. The link is in the comments and
description. Next up is Project Genie,
and this one is wild. Project Genie lets
you create entire 3D worlds just by
typing. You don't need to know 3D
modeling. You don't need fancy software.
You just describe what you want and the
AI builds it. Let me show you what I
mean. You type something like a modern
office space with glass walls and a view
of the city. Project Genie creates that
in 3D. And you can walk through it, look
around, change things. Now, you might be
thinking, "Okay, cool. But how does this
help my business? Here's how. Let's say
you're trying to show potential
customers what your service looks like.
You run the AI profit boardroom. You
want to show people what it's like to be
part of an AI automation community. You
could describe a virtual workspace, a
place where community members
collaborate, where they share AI tools,
where they learn from each other.
Project Genie builds that world. Now you
have a visual representation of your
community. You can use this in
presentations. You can show it on sales
calls. You can put it on your landing
page or let's say you're designing a new
office or a store or an event space.
Normally, you'd need to hire a designer.
With Project Genie, you describe it. The
AI builds it. You make changes in real
time. You save time. And here's the
thing that most people miss. 3D content
is incredibly engaging. People stop
scrolling when they see it. They
interact with it. They remember it. So,
if you're trying to stand out, this is
how you do it. You create something
nobody else has because nobody else is
using tools like this yet. The barrier
to entry for 3D content just
disappeared. That's huge. But wait,
there's more. All right, this next one
is called Prompt Buddy, and it's built
right into Gemini. Here's the problem it
solves. Most people are terrible at
writing prompts. They type something
vague, they get a vague answer. They get
frustrated. They think AI doesn't work.
But the truth is, the better your
prompt, the better your result. Always.
Prompt Buddy fixes this. It's like
having an expert sitting next to you
helping you write better prompts. Here's
how it works. You start typing a prompt
in Gemini. Let's say you type write a
landing page. Prompt Buddy jumps in. It
asks you questions. What's the landing
page for? Who's your audience? What
action do you want them to take? You
answer those questions. Prompt Buddy
takes your original prompt and it makes
it 10 times better. So instead of write
a landing page, your prompt becomes
something like write a high converting
landing page for the AI profit boardroom
that targets business owners who want to
save time with AI automation, focuses on
the benefits of joining our community
and includes a clear call to action to
sign up for a free trial. See the
difference? The first prompt gives you
generic garbage. The second prompt gives
you something you can actually use. And
this works for everything. blog posts,
emails, social media code, anything
you're asking Gemini to do. Here's why
this matters for your business. The
faster you get good results from AI, the
more you can accomplish. Prompt Buddy
speeds that up dramatically. Plus, most
business owners don't have time to learn
Prompt Engineering. They just want
results. Prompt Buddy gives them that no
learning curve, no courses, just better
outputs immediately. Let me give you a
practical example. You need to write an
email sequence for new members of the AI
Profit Boardroom. You want to show them
how to get started, how to use AI
automation, how to get value from the
community.
You start with write an email sequence.
Prompt buddy helps you refine it, asks
about your audience, your goals, your
brand voice. Then it helps you craft a
prompt that gives you exactly what you
need. Instead of spending hours going
back and forth with the AI, you get it
right the first time. That's the power
here. And the best part, it's free. It's
built right into Gemini. You don't have
to pay extra. You don't have to download
anything. It's just there. Now, we're
getting to Gemini Stitch. And this might
be my favorite one. Gemini Stitch is an
AI tool for designing websites and apps.
You describe what you want. The AI
designs it. You can make changes by just
talking to it. No coding required. Let
me break this down. You want a new
landing page. You tell Gemini Stitch,
"Design a landing page for an AI
automation community. Make it modern.
Focus on trust and results. Include
testimonials and a sign up form." Gemini
Stitch builds it right in front of you.
You see the design? If you don't like
something, you just say, "Make the
headline bigger or change the color
scheme to blue and white." The AI
updates it instantly. This is insane for
a few reasons. First, hiring a designer
is expensive. With Gemini Stitch, you
get professional designs for free.
Second, it's fast. What used to take
weeks now takes minutes. You can test
multiple designs in the time it used to
take to brief a designer. Third, you're
in control. You don't have to explain
what you want in some long email. You
just talk to the AI. It makes changes.
You see results immediately. And here's
the kicker. You can keep improving it.
You see what's working, what's not
working. You tell Gemini Stitch to make
changes. Test new versions. Optimize for
conversions. This is the future of web
design. It's not about coding anymore.
It's about communication. You tell the
AI what you want. It builds it. That's
it. And it's not just websites. Gemini
Stitch works for apps, too. Mobile apps,
web apps. Same process. Describe it. The
AI builds it. make changes by talking to
it. Think about all the business ideas
you've had that you never launched
because you couldn't afford a developer
or you didn't know how to build it. That
barrier is gone now. You can test ideas,
build prototypes, launch products, all
without writing a single line of code.
This levels the playing field. You don't
need a huge budget. You don't need a
technical team. You just need a good
idea and access to Gemini Stitch. Now,
if you want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
profit boardroom. The best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like Google
Gemini. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and 100 plus AI use cases
like this one, join the AI success lab.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
45,000 members who are crushing it with
AI. The link is in the comments and
description. Google Gemini. New free
updates are insane. So, Google just
dropped some crazy free updates to
Gemini. And I'm talking gamechanging
stuff here. We've got AI that builds
entire worlds, Chrome getting
superpowers, and students getting free
test prep. But this is wild. Let's dive
in. So, Google just released six massive
updates to Gemini. And the best part,
most of this stuff is completely free.
I'm going to break down each one so you
can start using them today. No fluff,
just what matters. First up is Project
Genie. And this one is absolutely nuts.
Imagine typing a few words and watching
an entire world build itself right in
front of you. That's what Project Genie
does. It's a worldbuing AI engine. You
give it a text prompt or even an image
and it creates full interactive
environments. Here's how it works. You
describe what you want. Could be a
forest, a city, a fantasy realm,
anything. Then you pick a character. And
here's the cool part. You can explore by
walking, driving, or even flying. The
world builds itself as you move through
it in real time. This isn't some
pre-made video game map. This is AI
generating everything on the fly based
on what you asked for. Want to explore a
cyberpunk city? Done. Want to walk
through ancient ruins? Easy. The
possibilities are endless. Now, think
about what this means. Game developers
can prototype worlds in minutes instead
of months. Teachers can create immersive
learning environments. Brands can build
virtual showrooms. And you can just mess
around and create whatever world you
want. Project Genie is still in early
testing, but it shows where AI is
heading. We're not just generating texts
anymore. We're generating entire
experiences. Okay, next update. Gemini
in Chrome. This one's already rolling
out to some users and it's a
productivity game changer. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. So, back to Gemini in Chrome.
Google added a side panel to the
browser. Your AI assistant now lives
right there while you browse. No more
switching tabs. No more copying and
pasting between windows. You can
highlight text on any website, and ask
Gemini questions about it. Get instant
summaries, compare information across
multiple pages, all without leaving what
you're doing. They also integrated
something called Nano Banana. It's a
lightweight AI model that runs locally
on your device super fast. Works even
with slow internet and keeps your data
private since it's not sending
everything to the cloud. Now, let's talk
about alpha genome. This one's more
technical, but super important. Google
just open- sourced the alpha genome
model. That means researchers anywhere
can now access the code and the trained
AI weights. What does alpha genome do?
It understands DNA like really
understands it. This AI can analyze
genetic sequences and help scientists
figure out how genes work, what causes
diseases, how to develop treatments.
Before this, only Google's team could
use it. Now, it's available to research
labs worldwide for free. This is huge
for medical research. Smaller labs that
couldn't afford to build their own AI
can now use cuttingedge tools.
Universities can teach students with
real AI models. Developing countries can
access the same tech as major
institutions. We're talking about
accelerating research into cancer,
genetic disorders, aging, and so much
more. All because Google decided to
share instead of keeping it locked up.
If you're not in science, this might not
affect you directly, but the treatments
and discoveries that come from this,
those will impact everyone.
And one more thing, I want to tell you
about something that can help you use
all these tools way more effectively.
The AI profit boardroom is where I teach
people exactly how to automate their
business with AI tools like these Google
updates. You'll learn how to save
hundreds of hours and get more customers
using AI automation like Gemini in
Chrome, Vision AI for content creation
and other cuttingedge tools. We cover
everything from setting up AI workflows
to scaling your business with
automation. Link is in the description
if you want to check it out. All right,
update number four, D4RT. This stands
for 4D video representation and it's
next level computer vision. Most AI sees
images as flat pictures. Even video AI
just processes frames one by one. D4RT
is different. It understands 3D space
and time together. Think about it like
this. When you watch someone throw a
ball, your brain tracks the ball's path
through space over time. You predict
where it'll land. D4RT gives AI that
same ability. Why does this matter?
Better self-driving cars that understand
how objects move. Robots that can
navigate complex environments. Video
editing tools that can track and modify
objects across entire scenes. Sports
analysis that breaks down player
movements in 3D. D4RT is still in
research phase, but Google's publishing
papers and demos, which means we'll see
real products using this soon. Next up,
Aentic Vision. This is rolling out to
the Gemini API right now, and it's a
major upgrade to how Gemini handles
images. Here's what changed before. If
you gave Gemini an image, it would
describe it, maybe answer questions
about it. Now with Agentic Vision, it
can write code based on what it sees in
images. Let me give you an example. You
take a screenshot of a website layout
you like, upload it to Gemini, ask it to
recreate that layout in code. A Gentic
Vision analyzes the image, understands
the structure, and generates HTML and
CSS. Or you photograph a handwritten
diagram, maybe a flowchart for a
process. Gemini can convert that into
actual working code or a digital
version. This works in Google AI Studio
and Vertex AI right now and it's coming
to the regular Gemini app soon. For
developers, this is massive prototype
faster. Turn sketches into code.
Debug visual issues by showing Gemini
what's wrong instead of describing it.
For non-coders, this opens up
automation. Take photos of forms and
have Gemini extract the data. Show it
your workflow and get automated scripts.
The possibilities keep growing. Last
update. This one's specifically for
students in India, but it shows where
Google's heading with education. Gemini
now offers fulllength J main mock tests
completely free inside the app. J is the
big entrance exam for engineering
colleges in India. Millions of students
take it every year. These aren't just
practice questions. They're full-time
tests that simulate the real exam. And
after you finish, Gemini gives you
immediate feedback, shows your strengths
and weaknesses, explains wrong answers,
suggests what to study next. Now they
get personalized AI tutoring for free.
This is just a start. Google's testing
this in India, but imagine this
expanding. Free safety prep, free GMAT
practice, AI tutors for every subject
and every test. Education is changing
fast. AI is making highquality learning
accessible to everyone, not just people
who can afford private tutors. And
here's what's crazy. Most of this is
free. Google's pushing hard to make
Gemini competitive with chat GPT and
Claude. That competition is great for
us. We get better tools faster. Now,
here's what you should do. Go try Gemini
if you haven't already. Test the Chrome
integration if you have access. Play
with the API if you're technical. See
what fits your workflow. These tools
only help if you actually use them.
Don't just watch videos about AI. Go
build something, automate something,
create something. And one more thing, I
want to tell you about something that
can help you use all these tools way
more effectively. The AI profit
boardroom is where I teach people
exactly how to automate their business
with AI tools like these Google updates.
You'll learn how to save hundreds of
hours and get more customers using AI
automation like Gemini and Chrome,
Vision AI for content creation, and
other cutting edge tools. We cover
everything from setting up AI workflows
to scaling your business with
automation.
link is in the description if you want
to check it out. And if you want the
full process, SLPs and 100 plus AI use
cases like these Google tools, join the
AI success lab, links in the comments
and description. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Comment below which
update you're most excited about. I read
every single one. And subscribe if you
want more AI news like this. I'll see
you in the next video. New Google Gemini
3.5 is insane. Google just leaked
something massive. And I mean massive.
They're calling it Gemini 3.5 Snow
Bunny. This thing supposedly writes
3,000 lines of working code from one
prompt. That's not normal. That's not
even close to normal. And it gets
crazier. Way crazier. So here's what's
happening right now in the AI world.
There's this leaked model going around.
People are testing it. They're posting
benchmarks. And everyone's losing their
minds. The code name is snow bunny.
Sounds cute, right? But this thing is a
beast. We're talking about a model that
allegedly crushes GPT 5.2 and Claude
Opus 4.5 on reasoning tests. We're
talking about scores above 80% on the
hardest benchmarks out there. Now,
before we go further, I need to be super
clear. These are leaks. These are
rumors. Google hasn't confirmed any of
this, but the evidence is piling up. And
if even half of this is real, we're
looking at the biggest AI jump we've
ever seen. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Let me
break down what people are claiming.
First, the code generation users are
saying they gave it one prompt, one
single prompt, and it spit out 3,000
lines of working code, not broken code,
not buggy mess, working code, code that
actually runs. Think about that for a
second. Most AI models give you maybe
100 to 200 lines max before they start
falling apart. This is 15 times that.
People are building entire apps from
scratch with one conversation. Then
there's the reasoning part. Snow Bunny
apparently has this deep think mode. It
pauses before answering like it's
actually thinking through the problem.
And the results is beating every model
out there on complex reasoning tasks.
We're talking math problems, logic
puzzles, coding challenges, stuff that
usually trips up even the best AI. But
wait, there's more. The multimodal stuff
is insane. This model supposedly
generates UI code, vector graphics,
music, full software stacks, all from
text prompts. You can literally describe
an entire app and get back everything
you need to build it. front end, back
end, database structure, the whole
thing. Now, I know what you're thinking.
This sounds too good to be true. And
you're right to be skeptical. So, let's
talk about where these leaks are coming
from. We've got early testing forums.
We've got anonymous benchmark posts on
Reddit. We've got community members in
AI groups sharing screenshots and test
results. None of this is official.
Google hasn't said a word. Let me show
you the difference between what's leaked
and what's real. The Snow Bunny internal
model that's rumored, not confirmed.
The claim about 3,000 lines of code from
one prompt. That's coming from test
users, but Google hasn't documented it
anywhere. The benchmark showing it beats
GPT 5.2 and Claude. Those are leaked
claims, not official numbers. Deepth
think reasoning mode mentioned in leaks,
but not announced by Google. What is
real though is that Gemini 3 Flash has
solid code generation and multimodal
features, just not at the scale these
leaks are claiming. So there's a
foundation of truth here. Google's
models are getting better. The question
is how much better?
Here's the thing about leaks in the AI
world. Sometimes they're dead accurate.
Sometimes they're completely made up.
And sometimes they're real but
overblown.
I've seen all three happen. Remember
when people leaked GPT4 details before
launch? Most of that was accurate, but
I've also seen fake benchmarks circulate
that turned out to be completely
fabricated. With Snow Bunny, we're in
this weird middle ground. The claims are
extraordinary, but they're not
impossible. Google has the resources,
they have the talent, they have the
motivation to compete with OpenAI and
Anthropic. A massive leap forward would
make sense strategically. If you want to
learn how to actually use AI tools like
this to save time and automate your
business, you need to check out the AI
profit boardroom. This is where I teach
people how to scale with AI, get more
customers, and save hundreds of hours
with automation. Whether Google confirms
Gemini 3.5 or not, the AI tools
available right now can already
transform your workflow. And in the AI
profit boardroom, you'll learn exactly
how to leverage tools like Gemini,
ChatgPT, and Claude to build systems
that actually saves your time. link is
in the description. Now, let's talk
about what this could mean if it's real.
Imagine you're a developer. Right now,
you spend hours writing code, debugging,
testing. With a model that can generate
3,000 working lines from one prompt,
that entire workflow changes. You become
more of a director than a coder. You
describe what you want and the AI builds
it. For designers, same thing. You could
describe an entire design system and get
back all the components, the style
guide, the assets. for automation. You
could explain a business process and get
back the complete automation script.
This isn't just faster. It's a
completely different way of working. But
here's where the skeptics come in, and
they have good points. A lot of AI leaks
overhype basic improvements. Models that
are slightly better get described as
revolutionary. Benchmarks get
cherrypicked to show the best possible
results. And community hype can spiral
into misinformation really fast. So,
what should you actually believe? Here's
my take. Google is definitely working on
improving Gemini. That's not a question.
The Gemini 3 family is real and it's
getting better with each release. Could
they have an internal model that's
significantly more powerful? Absolutely.
Companies test models internally all the
time before public release. Could that
model generate 3,000 lines of code and
beat GPT 5.2 on benchmarks? Maybe is
technically possible. The question is
whether what people are testing is
actually a near final build or just an
early experimental checkpoint that will
never see the light of day. Here's what
I'm watching for. If this is real, we'll
see more consistent leaks, more people
testing it, more benchmarks from
different sources. The evidence will
pile up, and eventually Google will
either confirm it or release something
similar. If it's fake or overblown, the
hype will die down in a week or two, and
we'll never hear about it again. So,
what should you do with this
information? First, don't panic about
being replaced. These tools make you
more powerful, not obsolete. Second,
start learning how to work with AI
models effectively. Prompt engineering
is a real skill. Third, stay updated on
what's actually confirmed versus what's
rumored. Don't make business decisions
based on leaks. And here's the final
thing I'll say. Whether Gemini 3.5 Snow
Bunny is real or not, the AI race is
accelerating. Google, OpenAI, Anthropic,
they're all pushing each other to build
better models faster. We're going to see
multiple major releases this year. Some
will live up to the hype, some won't.
But the overall trend is undeniable. AI
is getting scary good. So, is Google
Gemini 3.5 real? The leaked benchmarks
are electrifying. The claimed
capabilities are mind-blowing. But we
have to treat them as rumors until
Google confirms. If even half of this is
legit, it could be the biggest AI leap
yet. But until then, stay skeptical,
stay informed, and keep building with
the tools that actually exist today. If
you want to learn how to actually use AI
tools like this to save time and
automate your business, you need to
check out the AI profit boardroom. This
is where I teach people how to scale
with AI, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours with automation.
Whether Google confirms Gemini 3.5 or
not, the AI tools available right now
can already transform your workflow. And
in the AI profit boardroom, you'll learn
exactly how to leverage tools like
Gemini, ChatGpt, and Claude to build
systems that actually saves your time.
Link is in the description. And if you
want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab links in the comments
and description. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. Whether you're into
SEO, automation, content creation, or
just want to stay ahead of the AI curve,
this is where you need to be. Right,
thanks for watching. Hit the like and
subscribe button, and I will see you in
the next one. New Google Gemini update
is insane. Google just dropped a secret
weapon inside Gemini. Most people have
no idea it even exists. It's called
reasoning, effort, control. You pick how
hard Gemini thinks with one simple
command. Fast answers or deep planning,
you choose. This changes everything. All
right, Google just rolled out something
insane in Gemini, and most people are
completely missing it. It's a power user
feature that lets you control how hard
Gemini thinks. You type one simple
command and boom. You get exactly the
speed or depth you need. No more
guessing which model is running. No more
clicking through menus, just pure
control right from the chat bar. Let me
show you exactly how this works and why
this is about to change how you use AI
forever. So, here's what Google did.
They added three shortcuts at fast, at
thinking, and at pro. You type these
right in the chat bar before your
prompt. At fast gives you quick,
lightweight responses. Perfect for
simple stuff. At thinking goes deeper.
It plans things out. It reasons through
complex problems. And at pro is the
beast mode. Highest quality, most
reasoning power. But it's usually
quotota limited because it uses so much
compute. This is keyboard first. You
never have to click a single menu. You
just type it faster at thinking and
you're good to go. And here's the crazy
part. This looks like the start of
something way bigger. Google is testing
tool call style shortcuts too. Things
like at search to trigger Google search
automatically at code for code execution
at image for generating images. It's not
fully rolled out yet, but the evidence
is there in the code. Let me break down
why this matters so much. Before this
update, you had no idea which model
Gemini was using. Sometimes it felt
fast, sometimes it felt slow. You just
had to hope it was doing what you
needed. Now you decide. You tell Gemini
exactly how hard to think. This is a
workflow level upgrade. It's not just a
nice feature. It changes how you build
with AI. Here's how I use it in the AI
profit boardroom. When I need to write
quick social media posts for our
community, I use it fast. Type it fast
and then write three Twitter posts about
AI automation for business owners. Boom.
Done in seconds. Simple, clean, fast.
But when I'm planning our entire content
strategy for the month, I switch to at
thinking, type at thinking, and then
create a 30-day content plan for AI
profit boardroom covering automation
workflows for agencies. Now, Gemini
takes its time. It plans, it thinks
through the strategy, it gives me a full
road map. And when I need something
really heavy, like designing a complete
automation system for client onboarding,
I go at pro, type at pro, and then build
a step-by-step automation workflow for
onboarding new AI profit boardroom
members, including email sequences,
funnel setup, and community access. This
is where Gemini goes allin. Deep
analysis, multiple steps, real planning
power. And speaking of automation, if
you want to learn how to save time and
automate your entire business with AI
tools like Gemini's reasoning shortcuts,
you need to check out the AI profit
boardroom. We teach you exactly how to
use these cutting edge AI features to
build systems that run while you sleep.
No fluff, no theory, just real
automation workflows that actually work.
We've got members using these exact
Gemini shortcuts to automate their
content creation, their client outreach,
their entire sales process. link is in
the description. Now, let's keep going.
Now, let me show you something most
people don't realize about these
shortcuts. The difference between atf
fast and at thinking isn't just about
speed. It's about token budget and
reasoning steps. When you use that
thinking, Gemini actually shows its
work. You can see it planning. You can
see it breaking down the problem into
steps. It's like watching the AI think
in real time. This is huge for complex
tasks where you need to understand the
logic behind the answer. With ATF fast,
you just get the answer. With at
thinking, you get the answer plus the
reasoning. And with app pro, you get the
full deep dive. This is similar to how
the Gemini API works with reasoning
effort parameters like low, medium, and
high. But now you have that power right
in the chat interface. No API needed, no
coding required. Just type the command
and go. Let me show you the exact
strategy for when to use each mode. This
is the power user breakdown. At fast is
for facts, quick rewrites, simple
questions. Anything where you just need
an answer right now. Don't use it for
complex planning or debugging or
creative strategy. It's too light for
that. At thinking is for planning. Logic
puzzles, multi-step tasks, content
outlines, video scripts, SEO strategies,
anything where you need Gemini to
actually think through the problem.
Don't waste it on simple questions where
you want speed. And a pro is for deep
analysis, code reviews, architecture
design, long- form content, complex
automation workflows. Don't waste your
quotota on trivial stuff. Here's my
workflow hack. Always start with it
fast. Try the quick version first. If
the answer isn't good enough, escalate
to it thinking and only go to it pro
when you absolutely need the full power.
This saves you quotota and keeps you
moving fast. For the AI profit
boardroom, I use at thinking for all our
training content outlines. I'll type at
thinking and then outline a complete
training module on email automation
using AI including key concepts,
examples, and action steps. Gemini gives
me a full structured outline ready to
record. For our landing pages, I use a
pro typer pro and then write high
converting landing page copy for AI
profit boardroom that explains the value
of AI automation, shows real results and
gets people to join our community. This
is where a pro shines. It thinks through
the psychology, the flow, the conversion
points, everything. Now, here's where
this gets really interesting. Google is
building something way bigger behind the
scenes. There's evidence of tool call
style shortcuts in testing. Imagine
typing at search and Gemini
automatically pulls live Google results
or at code and it runs actual code for
you or at image and it generates images
on the fly. This isn't confirmed yet,
but the code is there. The testing is
happening. This is Google's answer to
agentic workflows. They're building a
shortcutdriven assistant layer. Think
about what this means. Right now, you
have to manually tell AI tools what to
do. Search this, run this code, generate
this image. But with shortcuts, it's
automatic. You type one command, and
Gemini handles the rest. This is how
power users will work in 2026. Quick
commands, fast execution, no clicking,
no menus, just pure speed. And this ties
into other Gemini features, too. There's
Gemini gems which are like reusable mini
apps for specific workflows and Gemini
code assist which lets you pin context
to specific code bases using our repo
name. Google is building an entire
ecosystem around this a command syntax.
Everything is moving toward keyboard
first shortcuts. Let me give you a real
example from the AI profit boardroom.
Right now when I want to create a new
automation workflow for our members, I
have to switch between tools. I search
for best practices. I write the outline.
I generate the code, I test it. But with
these shortcuts, I could theoretically
type at search best AI automation
workflows for online communities. Then
at thinking plan a custom workflow for
AI profit boardroom. Then at code
generate the automation script all in
one conversation. All with simple
commands. This is the future. And most
people are sleeping on it because they
don't even know these shortcuts exist.
Google didn't announce this in a big
press release. They just quietly rolled
it out. Power users are finding it.
Everyone else is missing it. That's why
you're watching this video right now.
You're ahead of the curve. So, here's
what you need to do. Go to Gemini right
now. Open the chat bar. Try it fast with
a simple question. Then try at thinking
with something complex like planning a
content calendar or building an
automation workflow for your business.
See the difference. Feel how much
control you have. Then start building
this into your daily workflow. Use it
fast for quick tasks, at thinking, for
planning, at pro for the heavy stuff.
And if you want the full breakdown on
how to use AI tools like this to
actually automate your business and save
hours every single day, join the AI
profit boardroom. We've got over 100 AI
use cases, full SOPs, real workflows
that members are using to crush it with
automation. You'll learn exactly how to
implement Gemini shortcuts like these
into your actual business operations,
not just theory, real execution. And if
you want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab links in the comments
and description. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 40,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. We break down every
new feature, every new tool, every new
shortcut, so you stay ahead while
everyone else is playing catchup. Now,
tell me in the comments which mode are
you going to use most at fast, at
thinking, or at pro? And what shortcut
would you add if you could design it
yourself? Drop your ideas below. Julian
reads every single comment, so make it
good. And if you want more Gemini Power
user breakdowns like this, hit that like
button and subscribe. I drop new AI
updates every single week so you never
miss the cutting edge stuff. Thanks for
watching and I'll see you in the next
one. Google Gemini's new free upgrades
are insane. So Google just made their AI
completely insane. I'm talking SAT
tests, personal email reading, and
workspace automation. All free, all
powerful, all available right now. This
is bigger than Chat GPT's last update
and I'm going to show you exactly how to
use every single feature. Let's go.
Okay, so Google just dropped something
massive. Like actually massive. They
released Gemini 3 and it's not just
another AI update. This thing connects
to your Gmail, your photos, your entire
Google workspace. And the crazy part,
most of it is completely free. No
subscriptions, just pure AI power that
you can use right now. Here's what most
people don't get. Google isn't just
competing with Chat GBT anymore. They're
building something completely different.
They're turning their AI into a personal
assistant that actually knows your life,
your emails, your calendar, your photos,
everything. And they're giving students
full SAP practice tests for free, like
the entire test inside the AI. Hey, if
we haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency, Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment. So, make sure you comment
below. Now, here's where it gets wild.
Gemini now offers full length practice
tests completely free. You heard that
right. Full tests, not just practice
questions, not just tips. Actual
fulllength SAT exams that you can take
inside the AI. This is huge for
students. But wait, there's more. And I
know that sounds like an infomercial,
but trust me, this gets better. They
added something called personal
intelligence. This is where Gemini
connects to your Gmail, Google Photos,
YouTube, and Google search. It gives you
personalized answers based on your
actual data, your actual emails, your
actual photos, not just generic AI
responses. Let me give you an example.
Say you're planning a trip. You can ask
Gemini about your travel plans, and
it'll pull information straight from
your emails, flight confirmations, hotel
bookings, everything. Or you can ask it
to summarize your photos from last
summer and it will actually look at your
Google photos and tell you what's there.
This is next level stuff. Now, I know
what you're thinking. Privacy. And yeah,
some people are freaking out about this.
There's been backlash about AI reading
emails. I get it. It's your inbox. But
here's the thing. You control it. You
can turn it on or off. Google isn't
forcing this on anyone. If you want the
personalized features, you opt in. If
you don't, you don't have to use them.
All right. Now, let's talk Gmail because
Gmail just entered what Google calls the
Gemini era and this changes everything
about how you handle email. Gemini now
sits inside Gmail and gives you
summaries, insights, and actions. It can
create calendar events from your emails,
write quick replies, summarize long
email threads, all inside Gmail. Here's
the cool part. Even free Gmail accounts
get some of these features. You'll see
Ask Gemini in the sidebar. You can click
it and get help with your emails right
there. No switching apps, no copying and
pasting. It's all built in. Now, some
features are limited on the free tier,
but the fact that you get any of this
for free is crazy. And if you want to
take your business to the next level
with AI tools like Google Gemini, you
need to join the AI profit boardroom.
This is where you'll learn how to
automate your entire workflow, save
hundreds of hours, and get more
customers using AI. We're talking real
automation strategies that actually
work, not theory. Real systems that
scale your business. The links in the
description. Trust me, if you're serious
about using AI to grow, this is where
you need to be. Now, let's get into
Google Workspace because this is where
things get really powerful for business
owners and teams. Gemini Deep Research
is now integrated with Google Drive,
Docs, Sheets, and Gmail. You can
literally tell Gemini to research
something and it'll pull from all your
documents, all your spreadsheets, all
your emails, everything connected. But
here's what blew my mind. You can create
files and folders just by asking Gemini.
No more manually organizing. No more
dragging and dropping. You You just tell
it what you need and it builds it for
you. Need a new project folder with
specific documents? Done. Need a
spreadsheet with certain data? Done.
It's like having an assistant that never
sleeps. And then there's workflow
automation. Some users are reporting
they've automated their entire workflow
using Gemini inside Gmail and Sheets. No
code required. You just set up flows and
Gemini handles the rest. Email comes in,
Gemini sorts it. Data needs updating,
Gemini does it. Tasks need assigning,
Gemini assigns them. This is the future
of work. Now, here's what you need to
know about personal intelligence in
Google search. They added an AI mode
that uses your Gmail and photos to give
you better search results. So, when you
search for something, it's not just
pulling from the web. It's pulling from
your personal data, too. More context,
more relevant answers, more useful
results. But let's be real for a second.
Not everything's perfect. Some users are
reporting issues since the Gmail
integration, memory problems, accuracy
issues, the AI forgetting context. Now,
I haven't experienced this myself, but
it's worth mentioning. Google's rolling
out these features fast, and sometimes
that means bugs. They'll fix them, but
just know it's not flawless yet. Here's
what most people are missing, though.
This isn't about one feature. It's about
the whole system working together. SAT
tests for students, personal
intelligence for daily tasks, Gmail
automation for productivity, workspace
integration for business, Google's
building an AI ecosystem, and they're
giving most of it away for free to get
people hooked. Think about it. Chat GPT
is powerful, but it doesn't know your
life. It doesn't see your emails. It
doesn't know your calendar. Gemini does.
And that's the game changer. It's not
just smarter, it's more useful because
it has context. Your context. That's why
this matters. Now, some features are
still rolling out. Some are tied to
Google AI Pro or Ultra. But the core
stuff, the stuff that actually moves the
needle, most of that's free and Google's
expanding access, more languages, more
countries, more features coming to free
users. Let me tell you what this means
for you. If you're a student, you just
got free SSAT prep. If you're a business
owner, you just got automation tools
that would have required software. If
you're anyone with a Gmail account, you
just got a personal AI assistant. All
free. That's insane. So, here's what you
should do right now. Go to Gemini. Turn
on personal intelligence if you want it.
Connect it to your Gmail and photos.
Start using the workspace features. Try
the Sati practice if you're studying.
Test the automation. See what it can do.
Because this technology is here now, not
coming soon. Now the future is AI that
knows you. AI that works with your
actual data. AI that saves you time on
real tasks, not generic answers, real
help. And and Google just made that
accessible to everyone. That's why I'm
calling this insane, because it is. And
if you want to take your business to the
next level with AI tools like Google
Gemini, you need to join the AI profit
boardroom. This is where you'll learn
how to automate your entire workflow
with tools like Gemini. Save hundreds of
hours every single month and get more
customers using AI automation. We're
talking real automation strategies that
actually work, not theory, not fluff.
Real systems that scale your business.
You'll get step-by-step processes for
setting up AI in your business.
templates you can copy and paste and
direct support from people who've
already done it. The link's in the
description. Trust me, if you're serious
about using AI to grow and you don't
want to waste time figuring it out
alone, this is where you need to be. All
right, so if you want the full process,
SOPs, and over 100 AI use cases like
this one, join the AI success lab. Links
in the comments and description. You'll
get all the video notes from there, plus
access to our community of 38,000
members who are crushing it with AI.
We're sharing strategies, automation
workflows, and real results every single
day, not hype. Real systems that work.
You'll see exactly how other people are
using Gemini and other AI tools to save
time, make better content, and grow
their businesses. Plus, you get free
trainings, weekly updates on new AI
tools. And you can ask questions
directly to the community. It's
completely free to join. No credit card,
no catch, just pure value, and a group
of people who actually care about
helping each other win with AI. All
right, that's it for today. Hit the like
and subscribe button and I will see you
in the next one. New Google Gemini
update destroys Notebook LM. Google just
dropped something crazy. Free SAP
practice tests inside Gemini and it
might change everything for students.
Let me show you what's happening. Does
Gemini really destroy Notebook LM? Not
exactly, but this update puts serious
pressure on it. Okay, so here's the
deal. Google just added fulllength SAT
practice exams directly into the Gemini
app. And when I say full length, I mean
the real thing, not some random quiz,
not flashcards, actual SAP practice
tests that you can take right now for
free. Now, you might be thinking, okay,
cool. Another AI tool doing study stuff.
But here's where it gets interesting.
These tests aren't just made up by AI.
They're built with the Princeton review.
You know, the actual SAT prep company
that's been doing this for decades. So,
you're getting real level SAT questions
that actually matter. And here's what
makes this so powerful. After you finish
the test, Gemini gives you instant
feedback. It shows you exactly what
you're good at and exactly where you're
struggling. Then you can ask it to
explain any answer you got wrong. And
it'll even build you a personalized
study plan based on your weak spots. All
of this happens in seconds. All of this
is completely free. The way you use it
is super simple. You just open Gemini
and say, "I want to take a practice SAT
test." That's it. Gemini generates the
full test right there. You take it, you
get your results, you get your feedback,
you're done. And now let's talk about
why this matters because this isn't just
about SAT tests. This is about what
happens when Google decides to go after
the education market. And they're going
hard. Sundar Pichai, Google's CEO,
already announced that more standardized
tests are coming. So the SAT is just the
beginning. They're building Gemini into
a full education platform. And this
creates a really interesting situation
because right now there's another Google
tool that students love. Notebook LM.
You've probably heard of it. It's
amazing for taking notes, organizing
research, and summarizing documents. But
here's the thing. Notebook LM doesn't do
structured test prep. It doesn't give
you practice exams. It doesn't track
your performance. It's built for
research and knowledge storage. Hey, if
we haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency, Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. So now, Google has two tools that
do very different things. Notebookm is
still the best for deep research and
organizing your knowledge, but Gemini
just became the best for actual exam
prep. And if you're a student trying to
prepare for the SAT, which one are you
going to use? probably Gemini because it
gives you the structured practice you
actually need. Let me break down what
makes this Gemini update so powerful.
First, the tests are vetted. They're not
AI generated nonsense. They're real SAT
level questions made with the Princeton
review. Second, you get instant
performance feedback. Gemini gives it to
you instantly for free. Third, you can
ask follow-up questions. If you don't
understand why you got something wrong,
you just ask Gemini to explain it and it
will break it down step by step. And
here's the really smart part. After you
finish a test, you can tell Gemini,
"Make me a study plan." And it will
create a personalized plan based on the
exact areas where you struggled. So, if
you're weak in math, but strong in
reading, it focuses your study time on
math. Now, let's talk about what this
means for the education industry because
this is where things get wild. Right
now, SAT prep is a massive business.
Online platforms have monthly
subscriptions and which are absolutely
not free. And Google just said, "Here's
all of that for free." This puts serious
pressure on ISAT's prep services. Why
would a student go for other prep
services when they can get full practice
tests and personalized feedback for free
in Gemini and this is just the start.
Google said more standardized tests are
coming. So think ACT, GRE, GMAT, LSAT.
All of these could be next. Google is
building a complete test prep ecosystem
inside Gemini. Now here's where it gets
really interesting for you because this
isn't just about students taking the
SAT. This is about how AI is changing
the way we learn and prepare for
anything. The same technology that
powers these SAT tests can be used for
business training, professional
certifications, skill assessments,
anything that requires structured
learning and feedback. Speaking of
scaling your business, if you want to
learn how to use AI tools like Google
Gemini to save time and automate your
workflows, you need to check out the AI
profit boardroom. This is where we show
you exactly how to use AI to get more
customers, close more deals, and save
hundreds of hours with automation.
Whether you're using Gemini for test
prep or business operations, we break
down the real strategies that actually
work. Link is in the description. Now,
let's get back to the Gemini versus
Notebook LM question because people keep
asking, does Gemini destroy Notebook LM?
And the honest answer is no, but it does
put pressure on it. Here's why. Notebook
LM is still unbeatable for certain
things. If you need to organize a ton of
research, summarize long documents, or
build a knowledge base, Notebook LM is
better. It's designed for that. It has
features like source grounding and
long-term memory that Gemini doesn't
have yet. But Gemini now has something
Notebook LM doesn't. Structured exam
prep with vetted content. So, if you're
a student, you might use Notebook LM to
organize your class notes and use Gemini
to practice for the SAT. They're
complimentary tools, not competitors.
But here's the catch. If Google keeps
adding features to Gemini, at some point
students might just use Gemini for
everything. And that's what puts
pressure on Notebook LM. The real winner
here is students because now they have
access to professional level SAT prep
for free. No subscriptions. Just open
Gemini and start practicing. And the
feedback you get is actually useful.
It's not generic advice like study
harder. It's specific. It tells you
exactly which types of questions you're
missing and why. Here's a pro tip. If
you're going to use this after you take
a practice test in Gemini, don't just
look at your score and move on. Ask
Gemini to explain every single answer
you got wrong, then ask it to create
practice problems for those specific
question types. This is how you turn a
practice test into a real learning tool.
You're not just testing yourself. You're
using AI to build a custom study plan
that targets your exact weaknesses. And
here's another thing most people miss.
You can use Gemini to simulate test day
conditions. Set a timer. Take the full
test without breaks. Get used to the
pressure, then review your results and
see how you did under real conditions.
This is the kind of practice that
actually prepares you for the real
essay. Not just memorizing facts, but
learning how to perform under pressure.
And here's what makes this so powerful.
Google has data, lots of data. They know
what students search for. They know what
questions people ask. They know where
students struggle. So, they can use all
of that data to make Gemini even better
at teaching and test prep. The more
people use it, the smarter it gets.
That's the advantage of AI at scale. But
there's also a question we need to ask.
What happens to traditional education
companies? Because if Google is giving
away SATI prep for free, how do
companies like Kaplan and Princeton
Review stay in business? Some will
adapt. Some will partner with AI
companies. Some will focus on premium
services that AI can't replace yet, like
one-on-one tutoring. But the industry is
definitely changing, and it's changing
fast. So, here's the bottom line. Google
Gemini just became a serious player in
education. The SAT practice tests are
legit. The feedback is useful and it's
all free. Does it destroy Notebook?
No. But it does change the game. And if
you're a student or a business owner,
you need to pay attention because this
is just the start. And if you want to
learn how to use AI tools like Google
Gemini to save time and automate your
workflows, you need to check out the AI
profit boardroom. This is where we show
you exactly how to use AI to get more
customers, close more deals, and save
hundreds of hours with automation.
Whether you're using Gemini for test
prep or business operations, we break
down the real strategies that actually
work. Link is in the description. And if
you want the full process, SOPs, and
over 100 AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. Links in the
comments and description. and you'll get
all the video notes from there, plus
access to our community of 38,000
members who are crushing it with AI.
This is where we share the real
strategies, the tools that actually
work, and the systems you can copy and
paste into your business. No fluff, just
results. All right, thanks for watching.
Hit the like and subscribe button, and I
will see you in the next one. Google
just dropped something huge. Gemini now
speaks 70 languages. Realtime
translation through your headphones.
This changes everything for content
creators and I'm going to show you
exactly how to use it. Let's go. Okay,
so Google just launched this massive
update to Gemini and honestly, it's
wild. They added 23 new languages. That
brings the total to over 70 languages
worldwide. This means people from almost
every country can now use AI in their
own language. No more struggling with
English translations. No more losing
meaning when you're trying to create
content. This is massive for anyone
doing SEO, content creation, or running
a business globally. Here's what
changed. Gemini added languages like
Kazak and a bunch of others that were
never supported before. And it's not
just for chatting. You can use in Google
Translate, Gmail, Docs, Sheets, and
Search. Everything works in your native
language now. So, if you're creating
content for different markets, this just
became your secret weapon. But here's
where it gets crazy. They rolled out
live speechtoech translation. You put on
your headphones, talk in English, and
the person on the other end hears you in
their language in real time. No delay,
no robot voice. It captures your tone,
your pitch, everything. This is like
having a personal translator in your
pocket 24/7. Hey, if we haven't met
already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Let me
break down how this actually works. The
live translation feature is built into
the Google Translate app. It's beta
right now for Android users. iOS is
coming soon. You open the app, select
live translate mode. Put in your
headphones and start talking. Gemini
Auto detects the language you're
speaking and translates it instantly for
the other person. They can respond in
their language and you hear it in
English or whatever language you choose.
This isn't just cool tech. This is
gamechanging for business. Think about
it. You can now do client calls with
people who don't speak your language.
You can create videos and reach audience
in 70 different countries. You can write
content, translate it perfectly, and
rank in local search engines. The
barrier just disappeared. And Google
didn't stop there. Gemini is now
integrated across all their apps. You
can brainstorm ideas in Spanish in Docs,
write emails in French and Gmail, create
spreadsheets in German and Sheets, all
with AI assistance. The AI understands
context in each language. It's not just
translating word for word. It gets
cultural nuances. It gets slang. It
writes like a native speaker. Here's
what this means for you. If you're doing
SEO for international markets, you just
got a massive advantage. You can create
highquality content in any language
without hiring translators. You can
research keywords in local languages.
You can analyze competitors in their
native markets. For content creators,
this is insane. You can now make videos
for global audiences. Record in English,
translate the script to 70 languages,
and boom, you just 70x your potential
reach. YouTube supports multilingual
audio tracks. Tik Tok supports captions
in multiple languages. Instagram reels,
too. You can dominate in markets where
there's way less competition. And if
you're running an agency like I am, this
changes client acquisition completely.
You can now serve clients worldwide
without language barriers. You can hop
on sales calls with prospects in Japan,
Brazil, Germany, anywhere. The live
translation handles it all. You can
scale globally without hiring
multilingual staff. And if you want to
learn how to save time and automate your
entire workflow with tools like Google
Gemini, you need to check out the AI
profit boardroom. This is where I show
you exactly how to use AI to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours every month. We cover
tools like Gemini, Chat, GPT, Claude,
all of them. and you get step-by-step
processes for automating content
creation, client outreach, SEO,
everything. The link is in the
description. Join us and start scaling
with AI today. Now, let me show you the
exact use cases. First, content
creation. You write a blog post in
English using Gemini. Then, you ask it
to translate that post into Spanish,
French, German, whatever markets you're
targeting. But here's the key. You're
not just translating, you're asking
Gemini to localize it. That means
adapting the content for cultural
differences, local search intent, and
regional preferences. This is way better
than Google Translate ever was. Second,
live client calls. You're talking to a
potential client who speaks Portuguese.
You turn on live translation in Google
Translate, you speak English, they hear
Portuguese, they respond in Portuguese,
you hear English, the conversation flows
naturally. No awkward pauses, no
miscommunication. You close the deal.
Third, research and brainstorming. You
want to understand what people in France
are searching for in your niche. You
open Gemini, switch the language to
French, and ask it to help you
brainstorm content ideas. It gives you
ideas based on French search trends,
French culture, and French user
behavior. You're getting insights that
English language AI tools could never
give you. Fourth, email outreach. You're
doing cold email campaigns in multiple
countries. Instead of hiring copywriters
for each language, you use Gemini. You
write your email template in English.
Then you have Gemini translate and
localize it for each market. Germany
gets German emails. Spain gets Spanish
emails. But they're not just translated.
They're written in a way that resonates
with each culture. Europen rates and
reply rates go through the roof. Now,
here's something most people are
missing. This update makes Gemini the
most powerful multilingual AI on the
market. Chat GPT has some language
support, but it's not integrated into
apps like Gmail and Docs. Claude is
great, but doesn't have live
translation. Gemini just leaprogged
everyone with this update and it's free
to use in most of these apps. The live
translation feature is the real gamecher
though because it's not just about text
anymore. It's about real conversations,
real relationships, real business deals.
You can network globally now. You can
speak at international conferences and
have your words translated live for the
audience. You can do podcasts interviews
with hosts who don't speak your
language. The possibilities are endless.
And Google built this on their latest
Gemini audio models. These models don't
just translate words. They translate
emotion. They translate personality.
When you're excited, the translation
sounds excited. When you're serious, it
sounds serious. This keeps the human
connection intact, even across language
barriers. For the Gemini web app, an
integration with Google Workspace, it's
even easier. Just go to
gemini.google.com
and select your language from the drop
down. Everything you do from that point
on will be in that language. All the AI
responses, all the suggestions, all the
content generation. It's that simple.
One more thing, the quality of these
translations is better than human
translators for most use cases. Why?
Because Gemini has been trained on
billions of examples in each language.
It knows every idiom, every phrase,
every cultural reference. Human
translators are great, but they're slow.
Gemini is free and instant. For business
content, blog posts, emails, and social
media is better. So, here's what you do
next. Start experimenting with Gemini in
different languages. Pick a market you
want to expand into. Create some content
in that language. see how it performs.
Test a live translation on a call. Get
comfortable with these tools because in
6 months, this is going to be standard.
Everyone will be using AI for
multilingual content. The people who
start now will have the advantage. And
if you want to learn how to save time
and automate your entire workflow with
tools like Google Gemini, you need to
check out the AI profit boardroom. This
is where I show you exactly how to use
AI to scale your business, get more
customers, and save hundreds of hours
every month. We cover tools like Gemini,
Chat, GPT, Claude, all of them. And you
get step-by-step processes for
automating content creation, client
outreach, SEO, everything. The link is
in the description. Join us and start
scaling with AI today. And if you want
the full process, SOPs, and 100 plus AI
use cases like this one. Join the AI
success lab, links in the comments and
description. You'll get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 38,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. We break down every
new update, every tool, every strategy,
and it's completely free to join. All
right, thanks for watching. Hit the like
and subscribe button, and I will see you
in the next one. Gemini 3 Pro in Google
Search is insane. Today, I'm going to
show you something that just changed
everything about how we search online.
Google just dropped Gemini 3 Pro into
search, and it's absolutely wild. You
can now get interactive simulations,
custom calculators, and visual layouts
built right inside your search results.
No more reading walls of text to
understand complex topics. This is
interactive. It's visual and it's like
nothing you've seen before. So, here's
what happened. Google released Gemini 3,
their smartest AI model yet. And for the
first time ever, they put it straight
into Google search on day one. This has
never happened before. Usually, Google
tests things for months. Not this time.
They know this is big. The feature is
called AI mode. And when you use Gemini
3 Pro in AI mode, you get something
called generative UI. This means Google
doesn't just give you text answers
anymore. It actually codes and builds
custom visual experiences just for your
question right there in your search
results in real time. Hey, if we haven't
met already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Let me show
you what this looks like. Say you want
to learn about the threebody problem in
physics. Normally you get a bunch of
articles explaining it with words, maybe
some static images. But with Gemini 3
Pro, Google builds you an actual
interactive simulation. You can move
things around, change the variables,
watch the physics happen right in front
of you, all generate on the fly based on
your exact question. Or let's say you're
researching mortgage loans. You want to
compare two different options. Instead
of reading through tables and doing math
yourself, Gemini 3 Pro codes you a
custom calculator right in the search
results. You can plug in different
numbers, compare options, see which
saves you more over time, all without
leaving Google. This is what I mean when
I say it's insane. The AI understands
what you need, then it writes the code,
builds the tool, and gives it to you in
seconds, all automatically. Now, here's
why this matters for your business.
Think about all the time you spend
researching things, looking up how to do
stuff, trying to understand new tools.
With Gemini 3 Pro, you can get visual,
interactive answers that help you learn
faster. That means you can move faster,
make better decisions, and stay ahead of
everyone else who's still reading boring
text. Let me give you a real example.
Say you're trying to understand how to
structure content for the AI profit
boardroom. You could ask Gemini 3 Pro to
show you how search engines crawl
websites. Instead of just explaining it
with words, it might build you an
interactive diagram. You can click
around, see how links connect, watch how
the crawl works step by step. That is
way more valuable than reading a
thousand words about it. Or maybe you
want to plan a content calendar. You
could ask it to show you trending topics
in AI automation. It will search the
web, pull real data, then organize
everything in a visual layout with
images and modules you can interact
with. not just a boring list, an actual
visual experience that helps you see the
patterns and make decisions. Now, if you
want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
Profit Boardroom, the best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like Google and
Gemini 3 Pro. The link is in the
comments and description. Now, let me
tell you how to access this. First, you
need to be in the US. That's where it's
rolling out. First, global access is
coming soon. Second, you need to use AI
mode in Google search. When you search
for something, you'll see an option for
AI mode. Click that. Third, you need to
select the right model. There's two
options in AI mode. You can use Gemini 3
Flash, which is fast and good for most
questions,
or you can use Gemini 3 Pro, which gives
you the full power, the interactive
simulations,
the custom tools, all of it. To get
Gemini 3 Pro, you click on the model
drop down in AI mode and select Thinking
with 3 Pro. That's where the magic
happens. Now, you're using Google's most
advanced AI model with all the
generative UI capabilities. Here's what
makes Gemini 3 Pro different from
everything else. It has state-of-the-art
reasoning. That means it can understand
really complex questions, questions with
multiple parts. Questions that need deep
thinking. It doesn't just pattern match
like old AI. It actually reasons through
your question to figure out what you
need. And then it uses something called
agentic coding. That's the ability to
write code autonomously to build you
custom interfaces. So when you ask a
question, Gemini 3 Pro thinks about the
best way to show you the answer. So then
it codes up the perfect visual layout or
interactive tool for that specific
question all in real time. Let me break
down the different types of visual
responses you might see. First, there's
visual layouts.
These are immersive magazine style
responses with photos and interactive
modules. You can click on things,
customize the results. It's like getting
a custom-designed web page just for your
question. For example, if you ask it to
plan a 3-day trip to Rome, you don't get
a text list. You get a visual itinerary
with images, interactive modules where
you can change preferences, links to
helpful resources. It's designed to be
explored, not just read. Second, there's
interactive tools and simulations. This
is where Gemini 3 Pro really shines.
When it detects that an interactive tool
would help you understand something
better, it codes one for you on the
spot. We're talking calculators,
simulations, visualizations, games,
whatever makes sense for your question.
I saw one example where someone asked
about RNA polymerase. That's a complex
biological process. Instead of just
describing it with text, Gemini 3 Pro
built an interactive visualization
showing how it works. You can see the
molecules moving, watch the process
happen. That's way more powerful than
reading about it. Third, there's
customcoded interfaces for really
specific questions. Gemini 3 Pro can
code up entire mini applications. I'm
talking about things like galleries with
swipe features, dashboard style layouts
with multiple data points, interactive
timelines, comparison tools, whatever
your question needs. Someone asked it to
create a Van Go gallery with life
context for each piece. Gemini 3 Pro
didn't just list the paintings. It coded
a full gallery experience where you can
tap through paintings, read about Van
Go's life at that time, and explore the
art interactively. That's absolutely
wild. Now, let me show you how this can
help you grow a business like the AI
Profit Boardroom. Say you're trying to
create better landing pages. You could
ask Gemini 3 Pro to show you examples of
high converting landing pages in the AI
automation space. It might build you a
visual comparison tool showing different
layouts, explaining why each element
works with interactive examples you can
click through. Or maybe you want to
understand customer journey mapping. You
could ask it to visualize how customers
discover and join AI automation
communities. It might code you an
interactive flowchart showing each touch
point with real data on conversion rates
and tools to customize it for your
business. The key is that you're not
just getting information anymore. You're
getting tools, visual experiences,
interactive simulations, things that
help you actually do the work, not just
learn about it. And here's where it gets
really powerful. Gemini 3 Pro can search
the web multiple times to gather
information before building your
response. So, it's not just using what
it knows. It's actively researching to
find the best, most current information.
Then it packages all that into a custom
visual experience. Let's say you ask how
recent AI automation trends should
affect your content strategy. Gemini 3
Pro might search for trending topics,
find real data on what's working, check
current news, then build you a visual
dashboard showing all the insights
organized by category with links to
sources and interactive elements to
explore deeper. This is way more
valuable than traditional search where
you'd have to click through 10 different
websites, read everything, and piece it
together yourself. Now, the AI does the
research and gives you an interactive
tool to explore the findings. Now, if
you want to dive even deeper into AI
automation, I've got something special
for you. I run a community called the AI
Profit Boardroom. The best place to
scale your business, get more customers,
and save hundreds with AI automation.
Learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like Google and
Gemini 3 Pro. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and 100 plus AI use cases
like this one, join the AI success lab.
You'll get all the video notes from
there, plus access to our community of
45,000 members who are crushing it with
AI. The link is in the comments and
description. Google just dropped insane
free upgrades to Gemini 3. AI videos in
vertical format. Gmail that writes your
emails. Personal intelligence that knows
your business. This changes everything
for content creators. Let's go. All
right. Google just released something
massive. Gemini 3 got upgraded. And
these new features are completely free.
I'm talking AI video creation in
vertical format. Gmail automation that
actually works. and personal
intelligence that connects to all your
Google apps. This is not some small
update. This is a complete gamecher. Let
me show you exactly what's new and how
you can use it right now. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. First up, let's talk about what
Gemini 3 actually is. Gemini 3 is
Google's most advanced AI model. It does
text, images, audio, code, everything.
It powers the Gemini app, Gmail,
YouTube, all of it. This is the brain
behind Google's entire AI ecosystem, and
they just made it way better. Now,
here's where it gets interesting. The
first big upgrade is personal
intelligence. This is rolling out in
beta right now. It connects Gemini to
your Gmail, Google Photos, YouTube, and
search. So instead of giving you generic
answers, it gives you personalized help
based on your actual data. Let me give
you an example. Say you're planning a
content strategy for your AI automation
community. You could ask Gemini to pull
insights from your Gmail about client
questions. Then check your YouTube
analytics for top performing topics and
pull photos from Google photos that
performed well on social media. All in
one conversation. That's the power of
personal intelligence. It's not just
answering questions. It's understanding
your business context. And here's the
best part. You control what it connects
to. Opt-in privacy controls. Gemini
doesn't train on your private data by
default. You choose which apps to link.
Right now, this is rolling out to AI Pro
and Ultra subscribers in the US, but
more countries are coming soon. Now,
let's talk about Gmail. Gmail just
entered what Google calls the Gemini
era, and it's wild. First feature is AI
overviews. This summarizes long email
threads instantly. No more scrolling
through 50 replies trying to find what
matters. Gemini reads it all and gives
you the key points in seconds. Next is
help me write. This drafts responses
with AI guidance. So if someone emails
asking about your AI automation
services, you can have Gemini draft a
professional reply that matches your
tone. It understands context from the
original email. It suggests relevant
information and it writes naturally.
There's also suggested replies, quick
one-click responses for common emails.
and AI inbox that prioritizes important
messages.
So, you're not wasting time on low
priority stuff. Gmail is no longer just
an email client. It's a full
productivity assistant powered by Gemini
3. Let me show you how this works for
growing a business like the AI Profit
Boardroom. Imagine you get 50 emails a
day asking about AI automation. Gemini
can scan all those questions, identify
common themes, draft personalized
responses, and even suggest content
topics based on what people are asking.
That's insane value from something
you're already using every day. Now,
here's the upgrade everyone's talking
about. AI video generation with Veo 3.1.
This is huge for content creators.
Google added native vertical video
support. That's 916 format. Perfect for
Tik Tok, YouTube Shorts, Instagram
Reels. No more cropping. No more awkward
formatting. You can create vertical
videos directly in the Gemini app. But
it gets better. They added upscaling to
1080p and 4K. So your AI generated
videos look sharp and professional. The
quality is actually usable now. And they
improved consistency across scenes.
Characters stay the same. Backgrounds
stay the objects maintain visual
coherence. This was a huge problem with
earlier AI video tools. Not anymore. And
there's video verification with synthd
watermarking. So you can check if a
video was AI generated. That's important
for authenticity and trust. Let me give
you a practical example. Say you want to
create short form content promoting AI
automation for the AI profit boardroom.
You could prompt Gemini like this.
Create a 30-second vertical video
showing how AI saves time for business
owners. Show someone overwhelmed with
tasks. Then show them using AI tools to
automate everything. Make it engaging
and upbeat. Gemini generates that in 916
format. upscales it to 1080p and you've
got professional content ready to post.
This is a complete gamecher for social
media creators. You don't need expensive
video software. You don't need a whole
production team. You just need Gemini
and a good prompt and you can pump out
vertical content all day long. Now,
let's talk about agent skills and
anti-gravity. This is where things get
really powerful. Agent skills are like
modular power-ups for AI agents. They're
reusable packages of knowledge and
scripts that extend what agents can do.
Think of them as custom tools you build
once and use forever. Google also
launched anti-gravity. This is a new
platform for building task oriented AI
experiences. It lets you create
autonomous workflows that handle complex
tasks without human input. So you could
build an agent that monitors your email,
identifies sales leads, drafts
personalized outreach, and schedules
follow-ups all automatically. Google
Gemini 3 is not just an update. It's a
complete platform for AI powered
productivity. Personal intelligence
gives you contextaware help. Gmail
automation handles your inbox. AI video
creation pumps out vertical content.
Agent skills automate your workflows.
And translation tools expand your global
reach. And if you want to learn how to
save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Gemini 3, join the AI
profit boardroom. We break down exactly
how to use these updates to grow your
business, create better content, and
automate everything. You'll get
step-by-step guides, real world
examples, and a community of people
crushing it with AI automation. Check
the link in the description. So, how do
you actually start using this? First, go
to the Gemini app. If you're on AI Pro
or Ultra, enable personal intelligence.
Connect your Gmail, photos, and YouTube.
Then, start asking personalized
questions. Test how it pulls insights
from your data. Next, open Gmail and try
the AI overviews feature. Summarize a
long email thread. Use Help Me Wright to
draft a response. See how much time it
saves. Then try the video generation. Go
to the Gemini app and prompt it to
create a vertical video. Test different
topics.
See what quality you get. Upscale to
1080p or 4K and post it on your social
media.
Finally, explore agent skills if you're
ready for automation. Build a simple
workflow. Here's what I'm most excited
about. The vertical video feature
changes social media content creation.
Before this, you needed separate tools
for different formats. If you're serious
about using AI to grow your business,
this is the time to jump in. The tools
are free, the quality is there, and the
competition hasn't caught up yet. You
can start creating better content,
automating your workflows, and serving
your audience faster than ever. And if
you want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab. It's our free AI
community. Links in the comments and
description. You'll get all the video
notes from there, plus access to our
community of 40,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. We share real
strategies, tested workflows, and
actionable tips every single day. Google
Gemini 3 is free, is powerful, and it's
available right now. Don't sleep on
this. Start using these tools today.
Automate your business, create better
content, and save hours every week. Join
the AI profit boardroom. We break down
exactly how to use these updates to grow
your business, create better content,
and automate everything. You'll get
step-by-step guides, real world
examples, and a community of people
crushing it with AI automation. Check
the link in the description. That's it
for this video. Drop a comment if you
have questions. Julian reads every
single one, and I'll see you in the next
update. Gemini in Google Workspace is
insane. Meetings suck. We all know it.
But Google just dropped something that
changes everything. AI that schedules
your meetings, takes your notes, and
handles all your follow-ups
automatically. This is wild. Meetings
waste your time. Harvard says 71% of
managers think meetings are useless.
That's insane. You're sitting there for
hours every week and nothing gets done.
But here's the thing. Google just
released Gemini for Workspace and it
fixes all of this. I'm talking about AI
that does the work before the meeting,
during the meeting, and after the
meeting. This is not a small update.
This is huge. Let me show you what this
thing can do. First, scheduling. You
know how you email someone and you go
back and forth like 10 times just to
find a time that works? Yeah, that's
over. Gemini reads your emails in Gmail
and when it sees you're trying to
schedule a meeting, it just suggests
times automatically. It looks at your
calendar, looks at their calendar, and
boom, here are three times that work for
both of you. Click one and you're done.
No more email ping pong, no more wasted
time. This works for one-on-one meetings
right now and they're adding support for
group meetings soon. But it gets better.
Gemini also works inside Google Calendar
itself. So when you're trying to set up
a meeting with multiple people, Gemini
looks at everyone's availability and
suggests the best times. If the time you
pick doesn't work, it gives you
alternatives that fit most or all of the
calendars. It's like having an assistant
that knows everyone's schedule and does
all the coordination for you. This alone
saves you hours every week. Think about
how much time you spend just trying to
find a time that works. That's gone now.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Now, let's talk about what
happens during the meeting. This is
where it gets really crazy. Gemini has
this feature called Take Notes for Me.
It automatically takes notes during your
Google Meet calls. It captures
everything that's said, pulls out the
action items, and organizes it all for
you. You don't have to type anything.
You don't have to worry about missing
something important. You can actually
focus on the conversation instead of
scrambling to write everything down.
Google says usage of this feature grew
13 times this year. That's how useful
this is. But wait, there's more. You can
also ask Gemini questions during the
meeting. Let's say you join late or you
zoned out for a minute. You can
literally ask Gemini what you missed and
it catches you up. You can ask it to
clarify a point without interrupting
everyone else. It pulls from the
captions, the documents shared in the
meeting and the chat. It's like having a
personal assistant sitting next to you
in every meeting. This is insane. You
never have to ask someone to repeat
themselves or feel lost in a meeting
again. And if you work with people who
speak different languages, Gemini has
speech translation built in. It gives
you translated captions in real time and
it preserves the speaker's tone. So,
you're not just getting a robot
translation. You're getting the actual
meaning and emotion behind what they're
saying. This breaks down language
barriers completely. Global teams can
actually communicate without anyone
getting lost in translation. Now, if you
want to learn how to save time and
automate your business with AI tools
like Google Gemini, you need to join the
AI profit boardroom. This is where I
teach you how to use AI to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours with automation. We're
talking about real strategies that work
right now. Tools like Gemini are just
the beginning. There's so much more you
can do with AI to grow your business.
And the boardroom is where you learn all
of it. The link is in the description.
So before the meeting, Gemini schedules
it for you during the meeting. It takes
notes, answers your questions, and
translates languages. But here's where
it really gets good. After the meeting,
because this is where most teams drop
the ball. You have the meeting, everyone
agrees on next steps, and then nothing
happens because no one remembers what
was decided or what they're supposed to
do. Gemini fixes this. After the meeting
ends, it automatically sends the notes,
transcript, and suggested next steps to
Gmail. It also attaches everything to
the calendar event, so you don't have to
go searching for it. It's right there
waiting for you. Everyone who was in the
meeting gets this automatically. No one
can say they didn't know what the action
items were because it's all documented
and delivered to them. Here's another
thing. Gemini keeps a continuous meeting
chat in Google chat. So all the
discussion history is saved. You can
share emails and meeting materials
directly into chat. So you don't have to
switch between 10 different apps to find
what you need. Everything stays in one
place. Context doesn't get lost.
Follow-ups actually happen. This is how
meetings should work. You meet, you
decide, you execute. No more meetings
about meetings. No more asking what
happened in the last meeting. Now let me
tell you why this matters for your
business. Google says Workspace users
are seeing 10% better productivity
compared to Microsoft 365. That's huge.
When your team isn't wasting time on
scheduling emails and taking notes and
trying to remember what was decided,
they can actually do the work that
matters. They can focus on the strategy
instead of the admin. This is the
difference between a team that's busy
and a team that's productive. Think
about it like this. If you have 10
people in your company and each person
spends 5 hours a week in meetings,
that's 50 hours. If even half of that
time is wasted because meetings are
inefficient, you're losing 25 hours a
week, that's almost a full-time employee
worth of time just vanishing. With
Gemini handling the scheduling, the
notes, and the follow-ups, you get that
time back. Your team can use it to close
deals, build products, serve customers.
That's the real value here. And here's
the best part. This isn't some
complicated tool that takes forever to
learn. It just works. Gemini sits in the
background and helps you. You don't have
to change how you work. You just work
the way you already do, and it makes
everything faster and easier. Your
emails get scheduling suggestions. Your
meetings get automatic notes. Your
follow-ups get organized. It's all
seamless. Let me give you some context
on where this is all going. Google is
rolling these features out
progressively. Some of them are
available now. Some are coming soon. But
the vision is clear. They want Gemini to
handle the entire meeting workflow from
the moment you need to schedule
something to the moment everyone follows
through on their action items. This is
endto-end AI assistance and it's only
going to get better. Right now, the
scheduling feature works for one-on-one
meetings. Soon, it will work for group
meetings. The note-taking works great
already, and they're improving it
constantly. The Ask Gemini feature is
rolling out to more users. The automatic
sharing of meeting artifacts is live.
This is happening fast. And if you're
not using this stuff, you're falling
behind. Here's what I want you to do.
First, if you're using Google Workspace,
turn on these Gemini features. Start
with the scheduling assistant in Gmail.
Use the take notes for me feature in
your next Google Meet. Try asking Gemini
a question during a meeting and see how
it responds. Get comfortable with this
technology because it's only going to
become more important. Second, think
about all the other areas of your
business where you're wasting time on
repetitive tasks. Scheduling and
meetings are just one example. There's
email management, customer service,
content creation, data analysis. AI can
help with all of it. And that's what we
cover in the AI profit boardroom. how to
find these opportunities in your
business and automate them so you can
focus on growth. The companies that win
in the next few years are going to be
the ones that embrace AI the fastest.
Not because AI is magic, but because it
gives you leverage. It lets you do more
with less. It takes the busy work off
your plate so you can focus on the highv
value stuff. Gemini in Google Workspace
is a perfect example of this. It's not
replacing you. It's making you more
effective. Now, if you want to learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Google Gemini, you
need to join the AI profit boardroom.
This is where I teach you how to use AI
to scale your business, get more
customers, and save hundreds of hours
with automation. We're talking about
real strategies that work right now.
Tools like Gemini are just the
beginning. There's so much more you can
do with AI to grow your business, and
the boardroom is where you learn all of
it. The link is in the description. And
if you want the full process, SOPs, and
100 plus AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. Links in the
comments and description. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 38,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. This is
completely free. We share strategies. We
troubleshoot problems. We keep each
other updated on the latest tools. It's
the best free AI community out there.
All right, thanks for watching. and hit
the like and subscribe button and I will
see you in the next one. Today I'm going
to show you all of the latest Google AI
tools like you can see right here and
I'm going to break down what I use them
for, how to use them, which ones are the
best, and which ones fit the best type
of workflows. Right? So, we're going to
kick it off with notebook, which this is
a free AI tool for generating media,
right? So if you need to generate for
example a quick vaseless video or an
audio overview like a podcast or an
infographic or a flash card based on
your research that you can automatically
pull in over here then I'd recommend
notebook. Right now it's awesome as well
for creating a quick customuilt chatbot.
So for example if you have research so
let's say I'm researching the new update
from claude coowork which is a new AI
update that came out this week. Then
inside the chat here I can ask any
questions I have right? So I can say
okay you know what is this update what
is claude co right and it's actually
custom trainings and all the materials
that are pulled in automatically from
YouTube and across the web right here.
So if you just want a general research
tool that is free and can automatically
create a chatbot custom trained on that
particular topic or you want to learn
about a topic then I'd recommend
notebook alm right now if you want
something that's kind of chat GBT but
it's custom trained and personalized to
you because it has all your information
for example like your Google accounts
your Google drive your sheets etc then I
would recommend Gemini right and also
the reason I'd recommend going directly
to Gemini is also you can generate
images and videos really quickly, right?
So you can see these create images and
create videos options right here. If we
pull up some examples from recently, you
can see an example of an image that we
generated using a very detailed prompt,
right? And it creates beautiful images.
It can also, for example, plan out
itineraries. So for example, like I'm
going to Tokyo early March and you can
see examples of how it created this
beautiful app right here. So it's great
for plan, it's great for images, it's
great for example editing images as
well. So you can see here for example we
said change MCP to claude in this image.
So change that to claude and it did it
perfectly right there. Beautiful. Right.
The other thing that is pretty cool for
is actually turning images into videos
and also just quickly creating these
apps. Right? So you can see here for
example it created this mini app for a
game with a canvas preview. So we got
the chat on the left hand side and the
game on the right hand side. Right? So
just to recap it, awesome for learning,
awesome for custom chat bots, awesome
for quickly generating faceless audio
and videos and also flashcards. Gemini,
awesome for images, awesome for videos,
awesome for research, like for example
trips away and then also really good for
building out games and mini apps. Now
let's talk about workspace and Google
flows. So Google flows is like a version
of Zapia if you've ever come across
that. And you can see for example we can
automate a daily summary of our unread
emails right so I could say on a
schedule recap my unread emails notify
me in Google chat and it will just go
off and do that right so it's like a no
code way of doing this you can see
another example where we actually do a
daily recap of what's happened in AI in
Google docs automatically for me daily
right and these workflows and these AI
agents just work daily in the background
right so for example if I click on the
activity tab here I can quickly create
workflows and then I can just get these
workflows running in the background. I
actually totally forgot this is running,
but you can see we've got a recap of the
latest news from yesterday. Right? So,
it recaps everything that happened over
the last day or so from my emails and
then puts it in a Google doc. Right?
Now, how do you set these up? You just
go to the discover tab. I got loads of
training inside the AI success lab which
is a free community link in the comments
description if you want to know how to
use this. But essentially, that is how
Google workflows works, right? Let me
have a look here. Yeah, just type in
Google Flows and you'll see all our
training on that and exactly how to use
this as an AI agent. So, just to recap
here, if you want to automate workflows,
for example, recapping your emails or
for example, researching daily news and
then putting that into a Google doc,
Google flows is really good for that.
Gemini is great for the apps and
notebook is great for learning. Now,
Opel is quite an interesting one. This
is another free tool from Google Gemini
and what it allows you do to do is
create mini apps, right? So, for
example, here you can see we've got this
blog post writer, right? And essentially
in Google Opal, you can create a mini
app like this and it's kind of like a no
code version of NA10 and on the left
hand side we have the workflow and on
the right hand side we have the actual
app we can test. Right? If we go to the
app section at the top so we can switch
between editor and app, we can actually
test out the app directly. Then you want
to put in a topic you want to learn
about. So let's say for example Claude
co-work update, right? And then it will
actually do the research and after it's
done the research it will actually draft
a blog post, right? So this is kind of
like a mini app where you're in like one
screen, couple of different pages,
nothing too complex and it does it.
Right? And you can see we've got a bunch
of ideas like for example finding
content gaps, creating blogs, learning
Spanish, chopping up our existing
content and then turning that into 100
pieces of content. Right? This how easy
it is. And then if you want to learn
this again, I've got loads of training
inside the AI success lab. So if you
type in for example Google Opal over
here, you'll see all our different
trainings and tutorials on this stuff,
right? But if you want to learn how to
use it, basically what you do is you
just describe what you want here, right?
So you say, okay, create an SEO blog
post writer or create a YouTube
thumbnail generator, right? And it will
turn your prompt, your plain English
prompt into a workflow that you can
easily generate, right? And it'll have
the editor over here and then it'll have
the app over here. Next up, we have
Google Stitch. Google Stitch is actually
really good for design work, right? So,
if you want to redesign your website,
like you can see right here, you can
actually redesign your website, taking
in your existing content and then you
can say, "Okay, redesign this page so it
looks more modern or redesign this page
so it looks more interesting or redesign
this page so it converts better, right?
It'll actually give you free redesigns
of your content, which I think is great.
It's a free tool, easy to use, easy to
set up. You can see an example of what
it actually gave us an output right
here. And again, you just go back and
forth inside the chat. So if you want to
just redesign the front end of your
website, this is one of the best tools.
Then we have Google Antiggravity which
basically creates full scale apps,
right? So for example, the back end and
the front end. As an example of this,
let me pull up anti-gravity here. So
this is an example of how we can build
an app. So we just go inside the chat
here. We ask it to build an app or a
website or a landing page and then from
there it will actually go off and do
that. Right? So full stack apps. This is
one of the best ways to do it. Let me
show you an example. So, for example,
yesterday on the live stream, I created
a daily accountability tracker like you
can see right here. We actually packaged
it up for the iOS store. And if we go
inside the chat, you can see that we've
actually deployed this to a website,
right? So, we created an app from
scratch. We built the whole thing out
and then we deployed it to a subdomain
like you can see, right? So if you want
like a full stack mobile app with a
database, a login, a front end, a back
end, an ability to store data as a
database, then you would use something
like anti-gravity, which again has free
tiers, right? I'm on the free tier and I
built all of that for free, right? And
then the final Google AI tool that I
wanted to show you was Google AI Studio.
AI Studio is amazing for generating mini
apps, for example, link directly to
something like Nano Banana, right? Let
me show you an example, right? So, I
actually use this tool daily to generate
thumbnails. So, if you have a look at my
thumbnails on YouTube, a lot of the
ones, particularly for the live streams
generated with AI, like this one right
here, right? And the way that we do this
is we just go into the upload section
here. We would upload an image that we
want to change. So, let's pull this up.
So, let's say, for example, I wanted to
edit this thumbnail. And then I can say,
okay, change this to neon colors. And
it's got this mini app just inside the
direct chat here that I can quickly
generate thumbnails for. Right? And it's
linked to the APIs and the ecosystem of
Google to generate images directly.
Right? So I can automate something like
thumbnails. I don't need a thumbnail
designer. I can quickly create three
different thumbnails that I can test on
YouTube. Right now the way that I do
this is literally what I do is I go
directly inside the chat and I would say
something like create beautiful
thumbnail designer. Right? Simple as
that. You can actually go back through
your previous prompts here. So if we
have a look at the code assistant
history, you can see that the original
prompt we said was create a thumbnail
designer, right? And if you want to
build with AI studio, I've got loads of
training inside the AI success lab,
which is completely free again. And if
you type in AI studio here, you can
learn how to basically build and
automate anything with Google AI Studio.
It's pretty easy to set up and it
actually creates stuff that I personally
use every single day, right? So, if you
want something that's actually useful
for your business, AI studio is one of
the best places to do it. And the way
that you can do this is you would just
go to, for example, AI
studio.google.com.
Then from here, you're going to go
inside the chat, go to build, type in
what you want over here, and then let's
say, for example, you want to create a
voice app or you attach voice, right? If
you want to use images, then you attach
Nana Banana. But basically, you can
build any apps that you want using this
AI tool from Google. And if we go back
to the chat here, we've got the new
thumbnails ready to go as you can see.
And they look pretty nice. Like I could
happily test any of those. And it's
actually useful for me. I could use that
every single day because if we have a
choice between automating images or
using a thumbnail designer, I'd much
rather automate it and save time and
help my team scale faster. Right. So the
final tool that I want to show you as
well was Pomelli. Now Pomelly is quite
good for generating marketing creatives,
but it's not available in my country.
It's not available in a lot of
countries. So that's why I'm not going
to show otherwise some people say what
about pomeia inside the comments. So I
want to show you that pomelly is not
available everywhere. So just to recap
here awesome for research awesome for
infographics awesome for faceless videos
and audio for creating images
that are personalized for creating mini
apps games and even for example
itineraries for traveling or research
and that sort of thing. I'd recommend
using something like Gemini directly.
simple and easy especially if you're not
technical cuz you can just put in plain
English what you want enable the canvas
boom shakalaki you got this nice little
website ready to go right Opal is
awesome for creating mini apps like for
example a blog post writer that sort of
thing with a nice UI if you want to
redesign the front end of your website
then you can use Google stitch and then
you would just plug that into whatever
IDE or code builder you use for building
full stack apps and deploying them I
would use Google anti-gravity and then
finally for actually building out like
these mini apps that I use day-to-day
like thumbnail generators, I would use
something like AI studio. And that's
basically all the new Google AI tools
and how I'd use them and the use cases
summed up and shown and I've shown you
exactly how I use them directly today.
All right, I've got trainings on all
these inside the AI success lab link
inside the comments in description or
just go to chat GPT and say Julian
Goldie AI success lab. If you go inside
the community here, you can see you
connect with 46,300 members. So you can
join all of these members who are
winning and learning and growing with
AI. You can get all of my free trainings
right here. Loads of stuff on Google and
the latest AI updates. I've even got
stuff on, for example, like this free AI
local voice cloner app that you can use
if you want to see how to for example
turn Claude into a text to speech
operator or build anything with Notebook
Lemon Gemini. We have free trainings
inside the classroom right here. And
then if you want to connect with me
personally, if you want to learn about
AI automation, if you want to learn how
to scale your business with AI, feel
free to join the AI profit boardroom.
This is a community of 2,100 serious
entrepreneurs who are growing, scaling,
and saving time with AI. And you can
see, for example, inside the community
is very active. We all help each other
learn, grow, support. We raise each
other up. It's very, it's an amazing
community with lots of good vibes inside
there. And then you can ask any
questions you have and get help and
support whenever you need it. For
example, Yasmin had a question on
anti-gravity yesterday. We got straight
back to it. You can see if you want to
share your wins, which a lot of people
are doing, then you can see how people
are winning and learning and growing
with AI. It's not just me. Loads of
people are getting awesome value with
this stuff. We actually have, let's have
a look here. Yeah, for testimonials on
the AR profing, we have over 114 pages.
It's pretty insane. So many people
getting amazing results with this stuff.
And you can see all these great
testimonials and people just winning
with this stuff right inside the AR
profitable room. So you can also for
example join our daily accountability
group. So you can post your goals, get
help, get support, learn with the
community and then you can join our
four-w weekly coaching calls per week.
So you know if you need to jump on a
live call with an AI automation expert,
get help, get support, maybe even meet
the community on a live call, right?
Then you can do that on the four
coaching calls per week. And then also
inside the classroom, we have my best
training. So, for example, if you want
to learn how to build your first AI
agent in under five minutes, you can
learn exactly how to do that right here.
If you want to learn how to go from
beginner to expert with AI in just 5
weeks, you can learn that inside this
section. If you want to get my best
playbooks on, for example, how to
automate Twitter, YouTube, Instagram. If
you want to learn how I create these AI
avatar videos and my full process, we
have training guides right here. So, we
have step-by-step video tutorials along
with the video instructions. And then
also inside the classroom, you can
learn, for example, my best lead
generation and social media workflows.
You can learn how to get more clients
with the agency course. You can learn
how to rank number one inside chat GPT
and Plexi and Claude and AI search
engines. And then also, you can see how
to build out a YouTube channel based on
what's working for me. So you can get
that all inside the AI profit boardroom
link in the comments description or just
go to aiprofitboardroom.com
and it's all right there for you my
friends. So thanks for watching. See you
in the next one. Cheers. New Gemini
update is insane. Google just dropped
something wild. Personal intelligence is
here. Your AI can now read your emails,
photos, and search history. This changes
everything about how we use AI
assistance. Okay, so let me show you
what just happened. Google launched this
thing called personal intelligence for
Gemini. And it's not like the other AI
updates you've seen. This one actually
connects to your Gmail, your Google
Photos, your YouTube history, all of it.
Most AI tools just sit there and wait
for you to ask questions. They don't
know anything about you. But this is
different. Gemini can now look through
your actual data and give you answers
based on your life, not some generic
response, your actual emails, your
actual photos, your actual search
history. Let me break down exactly what
this means. So personal intelligence is
a beta feature that launched. is opt-in,
which means it's turned off by default.
You have to choose to turn it on. And
then you pick which apps you want to
connect. Gmail, Google Photos, search,
YouTube. You decide. Hey, if we haven't
met already, I'm the digital avatar of
Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO agency Goldie
Agency. Whilst he's helping clients get
more leads and customers, I'm here to
help you get the latest AI updates.
Julian Goldie reads every comment, so
make sure you comment below. Now, here's
where it gets crazy. Gemini doesn't just
pull information from one place. It
combines data across all your apps. So,
let's say you're planning a trip. You
ask Gemini for ideas. It looks at your
past travel photos. It checks your
search history to see what you like.
Then, it gives you suggestions based on
places you actually enjoy, not random
tourist spots, places that match your
taste. Or here's another one. You need
to know your car's tire size. You don't
remember, but you took a photo of your
tire a few months ago. Gemini finds that
photo, reads the tire size, and then
gives you recommendations on where to
buy new ones. You didn't even have to
remember you took that photo. That's the
power here. It's like having an
assistant that actually knows you. Think
about how much time you waste searching
through old emails, looking for that one
receipt, that one confirmation number,
that one license plate photo. Now,
Gemini does it for you in seconds. You
just ask and it finds it. Here's how you
actually set this up. You go into the
Gemini app, tap settings, then personal
intelligence, then connected apps.
You'll see all your Google apps listed
there. You turn on the ones you want.
Gmail photos, search, YouTube history,
whatever you're comfortable with. And
this is important. You control
everything. You can turn off specific
apps anytime. You can regenerate
responses without the personalization if
you want. Gemini will even tell you
which source it used when you ask. So,
if it pulled something from your Gmail,
it will say that. Now, let's talk about
what makes this different from every
other AI assistant out there. Chat GBT
doesn't have this. Claude doesn't have
this. They can't connect to your
personal data like this. Google has the
advantage here because they own Gmail,
photos, search, YouTube, all of it.
They're not asking for permission to
connect to third party apps. It's all
their ecosystem. This gives Gemini a
massive edge because now it's not just
an AI that knows a lot about the world.
It's an AI that knows a lot about you,
your preferences, your history, your
habits, and that makes the answers way
more useful. But here's the thing you
need to know. Right now, this is only
available to Google AI Pro and AI Ultra
subscribers in the United States. If
you're on the free tier, you'll have to
wait. If you're outside the US, you'll
have to wait. Google says they're
rolling it out to more people later, but
right now it's limited. So, what can you
actually do with this? Let me give you
some real examples. Say you get an email
about a package delivery. You forget
which day it's coming. You ask Gemini
when your package arrives. It checks
your Gmail and tells you, "Done in two
seconds." Or maybe you're looking for a
specific photo. You remember taking it
at a restaurant, but you don't remember
which one. You asked Gemini to find
photos from that trip. It pulls up
everything from that date and location.
No more scrolling through thousands of
photos. Here's another one. You're
trying to remember the name of that
YouTube video you watched about cooking.
You can't find it. You ask Gemini. It
checks your YouTube history and finds
it. Sends you the link. Simple. And if
you want to learn how to save time and
automate your business with AI tools
like Google Gemini, join the AI profit
boardroom. It's the best place to scale
your business, get more customers, and
save hundreds of hours with AI
automation. We're showing people exactly
how to use tools like this to cut their
work time in half. Links in the comments
and description. The cool part is how
Gemini reasons across apps. It's not
just fetching data, is connecting dots.
So, if you ask about trip planning, it
doesn't just show you old photos. It
combines those photos with your search
history, sees what kind of hotels you
looked at before, what activities you
searched for, then suggests similar
things for your next trip. That's way
smarter than just pulling up old emails
or photos. It's actually thinking about
what you need based on everything it
knows about you. And that's what makes
this update so powerful. Now, let's talk
about privacy because I know what you're
thinking. This sounds like Google is
looking at everything. And yeah, they
kind of are. But here's how they're
handling it. First, it's completely
optin off by default. You have to turn
it on. Second, you choose which apps to
connect. Don't want Gemini looking at
your Gmail? Don't connect it. Third,
Google says they're not using your
private data to train their AI models.
They're only using it to answer your
specific questions. So, when you ask
something, Gemini looks at your data,
gives you an answer, and that's it. Your
emails and photos aren't being fed into
the training process for everyone else's
Gemini. At least that's what Google
says. You'll have to decide if you trust
that. But the privacy controls are
pretty good. You can see which apps are
connected. You can disconnect them any
time. You can regenerate answers without
personalization if something feels off.
And you can ask Gemini to explain where
it got the information from. Still, this
is a big step. You're given an AI access
to your most personal data, your emails,
your photos, your search history. That's
a lot of trust to put in one company.
So, you need to think about whether the
convenience is worth it for you. So,
what can you actually do with this? Let
me give you some real examples. Say you
get an email about a package delivery.
You forget which day it's coming. You
ask Gemini when your package arrives. It
checks your Gmail and tells you done in
2 seconds. Or maybe you're looking for a
specific photo. You remember taking it
at a restaurant, but you don't remember
which one. You ask Gemini to find photos
from that trip. It pulls up everything
from that date and location. No more
scrolling through thousands of photos.
Here's another one. You're trying to
remember the name of that YouTube video
you watched about cooking. you can't
find it, you ask Gemini. It checks your
YouTube history and finds it. Sends you
the link. Simple. And if you want to
learn how to save time and automate your
business with AI tools like Google
Gemini, join the AI profit boardroom.
It's the best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds of hours with AI automation.
We're showing people exactly how to use
tools like this to cut their work time
in half. Links in the comments and
description. The cool part is how Gemini
reasons across apps. It's not just
fetching data, it's connecting dots. So,
if you ask about trip planning, it
doesn't just show you old photos. It
combines those photos with your search
history, sees what kind of hotels you
looked at before, what activities you
searched for, then suggests similar
things for your next trip. That's way
smarter than just pulling up old emails
or photos. It's actually thinking about
what you need based on everything it
knows about you. And that's what makes
this update so powerful. Now, let's talk
about privacy. Because I know what
you're thinking. This sounds like Google
is looking at everything. And yeah, they
kind of are. But here's how they're
handling it. First, it's completely
opt-in off by default. You have to turn
it on. Second, you choose which apps to
connect. Don't want Gemini looking at
your Gmail. Don't connect it. Third,
Google says they're not using your
private data to train their AI models.
They're only using it to answer your
specific questions. So, when you ask
something, Gemini looks at your data,
gives you an answer, and that's it. Your
emails and photos aren't being fed into
the training process for everyone else's
Gemini. At least that's what Google
says. And one more thing I want to tell
you about the AI profit boardroom. If
you want to learn how to actually use
tools like Google Gemini and Auto Browse
to scale your business and save hundreds
of hours with AI automation, that's the
place to be. We've got frameworks,
templates, and a whole community of
people building real businesses with AI.
If this kind of browser automation
excites you, imagine what you could do
with access to every cutting edge AI
tool and strategy out there. Link is in
the description. Check it out. And if
you want the full process, SOPs, and
over 100 AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab, links in the
comments and description. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 38,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. All right,
thanks for watching. Hit the like and
subscribe button and I will see you in
the next one. Google Gemini have just
announced personal intelligence, which
is a new update inside Google Gemini
app. It's rolling out in the US
currently and then it will roll out to
everyone else later. I think a lot of
these features come to the US first if
you want to see how it works. Basically,
here's an example. It's like a
personalized greeting inside Gemini. And
then you can see here it says the best
assistants don't just know the world.
They know you and help you navigate it.
Today we're answering the top request.
You can now personalize Gemini by
connecting Google apps with a single
tap. Right. Launching as a beta in the
US. This marks the next step towards
making Gemini more personal, proactive,
and powerful. So, for example, what you
can actually do is connect information
from apps like Gmail and Google Photos,
which is pretty crazy to make Gemini
better, right? And if you switch it on,
you can control which apps link to link.
Each one supercharges the experience,
right? So, for example, it could connect
Gmail, photos, YouTube, and search in
just a couple of clicks. So, you can see
how people are using it right now. One
of the most important use cases for this
is like reasoning across complex sources
and retrieving specific details. Say for
example, like an email or a photo. And
it can combine these, right? So it could
be like text, with photos, with video,
with Gmail just to get more unique
answers. So for example, you can see
here in this example video, it says I
need to replace my tires and Gemini
actually understands what car this user
has, right? And what's my license plate
number again? And it'll actually
connect, review past chats, review your
Gmail, review your Google Drive, etc.
And then it pulls out the license plate,
right? So it really knows you better
than anything else. And if we keep
scrolling through here, you can use it
for like tips on books, shows, clothes,
and travel. Could be great for like
planning. Let's say, for example, you're
going on a break or a holiday or a past
trip and that sort of thing. And
interesting as well here, it says by
analyzing our family's interests and
past trips and Gmail photos. It skipped
the tourist traps, right? Instead, it
suggested an overnight train journey
specific board games we could play a
long way. Which is pretty crazy, right?
If it can look for all your photos, your
YouTube history, your Gmail, if it can
look for all your personal chats as
well, like it's personalization on a
whole different level, which means that
the outputs and the actual responses you
get are going to be 10 times better as
well. So, it looks pretty cool. Again,
it's only available in the US. So, it's
only rolling out over the next week to
AI Pro and AI Ultra subscribers in the
US. Once enabled, it works across web,
Android, and iOS. So, that's the other
thing. If you have this on your phone,
it's not just going to work inside
Gemini on the desktop, but also on the
phone as well, which is pretty useful.
And then they've said we're starting
with this limited group to learn, but
over time we'll expand to more countries
across the free tier. It's also coming
to AI mode and search as well. By the
way, if you don't know AI mode, this is
pretty cool as well. So, if you just go
to AI mode here, this is basically how
you can use the AI search inside Google
for free. And so, if that's personalized
as well, like personal intelligence,
personalization across AI is going to be
on a whole different level. And then if
you want to set this up, you can go to
open Gemini, tap settings, tap personal
intelligence, and select the connected
apps. So for example, like email, photos
and everything else. So that is exactly
what it is, how to use it, how to set it
up, etc. Actually got some notes on how
you can use this plus a free 3-hour
course on exactly how to get started
with this. Like the old way would be,
for example, you know, you type the same
context into AI like 47 times in one
week. AI forgets everything you told it.
It spends 30 minutes editing every
response. You get generic answers. they
don't really help you and there's no
actual connection to like your data or
workflows. It feels like talking to a
robot and not the system. That's how
Gemini feels right now and it's one of
the reasons I don't really use it is it
just it doesn't help me as much as say
Claude or something like that. Right?
Claude has a lot more data on me and it
seems to remember better. The new way is
like Gemini will remember your business
model, your customers, your goals, your
personal life, etc. Bulls data from
email and photos and YouTube. Checks
your calendar. Learns your preferences
from search and YouTube history. gives
you personalized answers based on your
actual life. And then it might save you
a lot of time. Number one, repetitive
tasks. And number two, finding personal
data. And number three, just by not
having to type in the same prompts every
single time. So, I actually got a 30-day
plan on exactly how to implement this if
you want to use it for your business and
that sort of thing. And I've included
100 prompts on exactly how to use
personal intelligence, for example, for
customer management prompts or lead
generation prompts. It could be, for
example, content creation prompts.
pretty much everything you need,
including like time, team, and business
management prompts are inside notes from
today, along with a free three-hour
course, a 30-day road map, and the
personal intelligence framework. Right?
So, feel free to get that link in the
comments description. And if you want to
join a tribe of winners who are
learning, growing, and improving their
business with AI, feel free to get the
AI profit boardroom. This is an amazing
community with 2,100 members, and we're
all just helping and learning and
growing together. So, you can see here,
for example, we have a daily
accountability group. We share our wins
and what we're learning. And it's not
just me who's winning with this. Like so
many members are getting great results
which is amazing. Inside the calendar,
you get four coaching calls a week. And
then inside the classroom, you can go
from complete beginner to expert with AI
and learn how to automate your and build
your first AI agent in under 5 minutes.
Top of that, you'll get all my best
playbooks on, for example, how to
automate content, how to automate AI
avatar videos, how to automate shorts,
newsletters, Twitter, etc. Additionally,
how to get more clients for your agency
so that you can grow scale and also how
to rank number one inside AI and Google,
plus a sixe road map on exactly how to
grow your YouTube channel based on
what's working for me. And if you ever
get stuck or you need support, you can
post inside the community and we're all
happy to help you. Or you can actually
go inside the calendar, jump on one of
the coaching calls, and get live
support, plus meet the community along
the way. And there's this really cool
feature called the map where you can
actually find people in your local area
and then just DM or reach out to them
right so for example let's say you are
in I don't know Singapore right there's
a bunch of people in Singapore who are
doing similar things as you right and
this is the same for the whole world
right so you can actually reach out to
people in your local area jump on a zoom
call with them maybe arrange a meet up
and that sort of thing and you can do
that inside the AI profit broom so it's
an amazing network for AI entrepreneurs
who are trying to grow and scale and you
can see like we have members all over
the world, which is pretty amazing. So,
feel free to get that link in the
comments description to the AI profit
boardroom or go to
aiprofitboardroom.com.
Gemini 3 Pro in Google search is insane.
If you're still manually researching
competitors, qualifying leads, or
planning content, you're wasting 20 plus
hours every week. Gemini 3 Pro just
changed the game. Here's how to actually
use it. All right, let's talk about
Gemini 3 Pro. Everyone's making videos
about this, but they're all showing you
the same boring stuff. Look at the cool
interface. Look at the reasoning. Look
at the pretty pictures. Nobody's showing
you the business side. So, that's what
we're doing today. Because here's the
truth. Gemini 3 Pro isn't just another
AI tool. It's got something called deep
research built right into Google search.
And this thing is insane. It can browse
the web for you. It can compare sources.
It can generate full reports all on its
own while you're doing literally
anything else. And I'm going to show you
exactly how to use it for your business.
But first, let me show you why this
matters. Most business owners are stuck
doing manual research. You're spending
hours on Google clicking through pages,
taking notes, comparing competitors,
doing market research. It's exhausting.
It's slow and it's killing your
productivity. But what if you could
automate all of that? What if you could
get a full competitor report in 60
seconds? What if you could analyze 100
leads in 2 minutes? That's what we're
talking about today. So, here's what I'm
going to cover. First, I'll show you the
three core features that actually matter
for business. Then, I'll show you real
workflows you can set up today. And
finally, I'll show you how to stack this
with other tools to build a full
automation system. No fluff, no hype,
just practical stuff you can use right
now. Let's start with deep research.
This is the game changer. You go to
Google search. You turn on AI mode and
you ask it to research something. Let's
say you want to know about AI automation
communities. You type in research the
top AI automation communities and their
key features. And then you wait. So the
AI goes out, it browses multiple
websites, it compares information, it
finds patterns, and in about a minute,
it gives you a full report with sources,
with insights, with everything
organized. Now, here's where it gets
interesting for business owners. Let's
say you run the AI profit boardroom. You
want to know what your competitors are
doing. You want to know what features
they offer, what their pricing is, what
their members are saying. You could
spend 3 hours doing this manually, or
you could ask Gemini. Research the top
five AI business communities. Analyze
their offerings, pricing strategies, and
member feedback. Boom. Done in 2
minutes. So, you get a full breakdown.
You can see gaps in the market. You can
see what's working. You can see what's
not. But it gets better. Gemini 3 Pro
can handle massive amounts of context.
We're talking thousands of words. So,
you can upload documents. You can upload
competitor websites. You can upload your
own business data. And it will find
patterns you'd never catch manually. Let
me give you an example. Say you want to
improve the AI profit boardroom's value
proposition. You upload your current
sales page. You upload three competitor
pages. You ask, "Analyze these materials
and identify content gaps and
opportunities for differentiation. The
AI compares everything. It spots what
you're missing. It tells you what
competitors are doing better. It
suggests specific improvements. This is
stuff that would take you hours to
figure out. Now, let me show you the
second feature that matters. Lead
qualification. This is huge. If you're
running any kind of business, you're
getting leads maybe from ads, maybe from
organic, maybe from partnerships, but
not all leads are good. Some are ready
to buy, some are tire kickers, some are
completely wrong fit. And sorting
through them takes forever. But here's
what you can do with Gemini. You export
your leads to a CSV. all your prospects,
their company info, their engagement
data, whatever you've got. You upload it
to Gemini and you ask, "Analyze these
100 prospects and score them based on
fit for an AI automation community.
Prioritize by likelihood to convert and
engagement signals." So, let me tell you
about something really cool. If you're
watching this video, you probably care
about AI automation. You probably want
to save time. You probably want to grow
your business faster. And that's exactly
what we do at the AI Profit Boardroom.
We teach business owners how to use
tools like Gemini 3 Pro to automate
their workflows to save 10, 20, even 30
hours a week. We've got templates, we've
got processes, we've got a whole
community of people doing this stuff.
So, if you want to learn how to actually
implement this, not just watch videos
about it, check out the AI profit
boardroom link in the description. All
right, back to the video. The AI goes
through all of them. It scores each one.
It tells you who to focus on first. It
tells you who's probably not worth your
time. And it does this in minutes, not
hours, not days, minutes. For the AI
profit boardroom, this means you can
focus your sales calls on the best
prospects. You can personalize your
outreach. You can stop wasting time on
people who will never buy. Now, let's
talk about the third killer feature,
content and market research. This is
perfect if you're creating any kind of
content, blog posts, YouTube videos,
social media, sales pages, whatever.
Because here's the problem. Good content
requires research. You need to know what
people are talking about, what questions
they have, what gaps exist, what's
already been covered, and that research
takes forever. But Gemini can do it for
you. Let me show you how this works for
something like the AI profit boardroom.
Say you want to create content about AI
automation for e-commerce businesses.
You ask Gemini, research the top pain
points, questions, and content gaps for
e-commerce business owners interested in
AI automation. The AI goes out, it scans
forums, it looks at Reddit, it checks
competitor content, it analyzes search
trends, and it comes back with a full
report. Top pain points, common
questions, content that exists, content
that doesn't exist. And now you know
exactly what to create. Like, you're not
guessing, you're not hoping, you know
what will work. Right? Here's where it
gets really powerful. You can chain this
with other tools. You take that
research, you feed it into Notebook LM.
Notebook LM generates an outline. And
you take that outline, you feed it back
into Gemini or Chat GBT. You get a full
draft, you export it to Google Docs, you
share it with your team, you turn it
into a video script, you turn it into
social posts, one research session,
multiple outputs. This is how you scale
content without burning out. Now, let me
show you the automation piece because
this is where most people stop. They use
AI as a tool. They do one thing, they
get one result, and that's it. But the
real power is in stacking these tools
together, building workflows, building
systems. So you do the work once and it
runs forever. Here's how this works with
Gemini. Let's say you want to automate
lead nurturing for the AI profit
boardroom. Here's the workflow. Step
one, Gemini does deep research on your
leads. It analyzes their business, their
pain points, their needs. Step two, it
exports that data to Google Sheets. Step
three, you connect Google Sheets to N or
Zapia. Step four, NAN automatically
sends personalized emails based on that
data. Step five, it updates your CRM.
Step six, it triggers follow-up
sequences. The entire thing runs on
autopilot. You set it up once, it runs
forever, and you're saving 10 plus hours
every month. Here's another workflow,
content creation. Step one, you ask
Gemini to research a topic relevant to
your community, like AI automation case
studies for service businesses. Step
two, Gemini generates a full report.
Step three, you feed that into Notebook
LM for an outline. Step four, you export
to Google Slides for a presentation.
Step five, you use VO to turn it into a
video summary. Step six, you post it
everywhere. One research session, six
outputs. This is how you create content
faster than your competitors. Now,
here's something most people don't know.
You can combine Gemini with Chat GPT.
You use Gemini for the research because
it's connected to the web, because it
can browse, because it can verify
sources. Then you take that research,
you feed it into chat GPT for creative
refinement, for better writing, for
different angles. You're using each tool
for what it's best at, and you're
getting better results than either one
alone. This is how the pros are working
now. They're not married to one tool.
They're stacking everything. Let me give
you some real numbers because this all
sounds nice, but does it actually save
time? According to users running these
workflows, market research that used to
take 4 to 6 hours, now takes 30 minutes.
That's with Gemini Deep Research Plus
Google Sheets. Lead automation that used
to take 10 hours a month, now takes 1
hour. That's with Gemini plus Zapia
content creation that used to take 3
days per project, now takes one day.
That's with Gemini plus Notebook LM plus
VO. These aren't made up numbers. These
are real people running real businesses,
saving real time. And here's the thing,
that time adds up. If you save 5 hours a
week, that's 20 hours a month. That's
240 hours a year. That's six full work
weeks. If you use it right, you can
automate research. You can automate lead
qualification. You can automate content
creation. You can save 10 to 20 hours
every week. And you can use that time to
actually grow. But here's the catch. You
have to actually do it. You have to set
up the workflows. You have to connect
the tools. You have to write good
prompts. Most people won't. They'll
watch this video. They'll think that's
cool. And then they'll do nothing. Don't
be that person. If you want the full
process, if you want step-by-step
guides, if you want templates and SOPs
and 100 plus AI use cases like this one,
join the AI profit boardroom. We teach
you exactly how to do this stuff, not
just theory, actual implementation. And
if you want to start for free, join the
AI success lab link in the comments and
description. You'll get all the video
notes. You'll get access to our
community of 40,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. You'll get support.
You'll get answers. You'll get results.
So, here's my challenge to you. Pick one
workflow from this video, just one. Set
it up this week. See how much time it
saves you. Then come back and comment
what happened. I read every comment. I
want to know what's working for you,
what questions you have, what workflows
you want to see next, because that's how
we make better content. That's how we
help more people. That's how we build
this thing together. Gemini 3 Pro is
here. The tools are ready. The workflows
work. The only question is, are you
going to use them or are you going to
keep doing everything manually? The
choice is yours. Automate or stay small.
That's it. Thanks for watching. Hit
subscribe if you want more videos like
this, and I'll see you in the next one.
Google just dropped something absolutely
crazy with Gemini. They increased file
size limits from 20 MB to 100 mAB, and
they added support for Google Cloud
Storage and direct URLs. This means you
can now handle massive files without the
upload nightmare. If you're building AI
apps, this changes everything. Let's
dive in. All right, let's talk about
this Gemini update because it's
genuinely insane. Google rolled this out
around January 8th, 2026. And honestly,
it's one of those updates that makes you
go, "Finally." So, here's what changed.
Before this update, if you wanted to use
Gemini with large files, you were stuck
with the files API, and the files API
had limits. 20 megabytes for inline
files. Files disappeared after 48 hours.
If you were building production apps
with videos or big documents, you had to
keep re-uploading everything. It was a
pain. Now, Google fixed all of that.
Three massive changes. First, inline
file size went from 20 m to 100 mAB.
That's five times bigger. You can now
drop larger images, short video clips,
audio files directly into your API calls
without any pre-upload. Second, they
added support for external URLs. This is
huge. You can now pass public links or
pre-signed private URLs directly into
Gemini. So if you've got files sitting
in AWS S3 or Azure, you just generate
assigned URL and pass it straight to
Gemini. No downloading to your back end,
no storing it somewhere else. Gemini
fetches it securely for you. Third,
Google Cloud Storage integration. You
can now register files from your GCS
buckets. Once you register them, you get
a persistent file URI that you can reuse
across multiple requests. No more
uploading the same file over and over.
This is perfect for production apps
where you're processing the same videos
or documents repeatedly. Let me give you
a real example. Let's say you're
building an AI automation tool for the
AI profit boardroom. You want to analyze
customer testimonial videos to extract
key pain points and success stories.
Before this update, you'd upload a 50 m
video to the files API. It would expire
in 48 hours. If you wanted to run
different prompts on that same video,
you'd have to re-upload it. Now you
upload it once to Google Cloud Storage,
register it with Gemini, and you can
analyze it unlimited times without
touching the file again. You could run
one prompt to extract pain points,
another prompt to identify success
metrics, another to generate social
media clips, all from the same
registered file. That's the power of
this update. And it works with
multimodal content, videos, audio files,
PDFs, images, all of it. Now, I want to
pause here for a second because this
ties directly into what we teach in the
AI profit boardroom. If you're watching
this and thinking, I need to learn how
to actually use these AI tools to save
time and automate my business, then you
need to check out the AI profit
boardroom. We show you exactly how to
use tools like Gemini to build real
automation workflows, not just theory.
Actual step-by-step processes you can
implement today. Whether you're creating
content, analyzing data, or building AI
powered tools, we've got you covered.
Link in the description. Now, let me
show you how this actually works in
code. Don't worry, I'll keep it simple.
Let's start with external URLs. Say
you've got a landing page design PDF
stored in AWSS3. You generate a
pre-signed URL using Boto 3 or whatever
tool you use. Then in your Python code,
you do this. You import the Gemini SDK.
You create a part object using part from
URI and pass your URL. Then you combine
that with a text prompt, something like
analyze this landing page design for the
AI profit boardroom and suggest
improvements to increase conversions.
You call generate the content with both
the file part and the prompt. Gemini
fetches the file from your URL and
processes it. No backend downloads, no
temporary storage. It just works now for
Google Cloud Storage. It's even better.
First, you authenticate using
Google.default.
Make sure you've got the right oorthth
scopes like dev storage readon. Then you
register your file. You call
client.files register alert files and
pass your GCS URI. Something like GS my
bucket or testimonial video mp4. Gemini
registers it and gives you back a file
object with a persistent URI. Now you
can use that URI in any generation
request. You could analyze the video
today, run another prompt tomorrow, use
it in a batch job next week. The file
stays registered and ready. This is
perfect for building AI automation
workflows. Let's say you're creating
content for the AI profit boardroom
YouTube channel. You've got raw footage
in GCS. You register it once. Then you
run multiple prompts, generate video
chapters, extract key quotes, create
short form clips, summarize the main
points, all from the same registered
file, no re-uploads, no wasted time,
just pure automation. And here's
something else that's cool. The inline
file limit increase to 100 m. This is
great for quick prototyping. Let's say
you're testing a new AI tool for
analyzing competitor websites. You take
a full page screenshot. Maybe it's 80 ml
by because it's high resolution. Before
you couldn't send that inline, now you
can basease 64 encode it and drop it
straight into your API call. Perfect for
testing and iterating fast. Let's talk
about why this matters for production
apps. Before this update, the files API
was really designed for prototyping. You
could upload a file, test your prompts,
see what works. But for production, it
wasn't ideal. Files expired. You had to
manage uploads constantly. It didn't
scale well. Now with GCS integration and
external URLs, you can build production
scale apps. Imagine you're running an AI
automation agency. You've got clients
sending you videos, PDFs, audio
recordings every day. You store
everything in Google Cloud Storage. You
register the files once. Then you run
your AI workflows automatically. No
manual uploads, no expiration timers,
just clean, scalable automation. And the
external URL support means you can work
with files from anywhere. AWSS3, Azure,
blob storage, your own CDN. As long as
you can generate a URL, Gemini can
process it. This opens up so many
possibilities. You could build a tool
that monitors your company's shared
drive. Whenever a new document gets
uploaded, it automatically gets analyzed
by Gemini. Extract key points, generate
summaries, flag important information,
all automatically. Or let's say you run
the AI profit boardroom community.
Members upload their business documents.
You process them with Gemini to give
personalized feedback, suggest
improvements, identify growth
opportunities, all powered by this new
GCS integration. Now, a few technical
notes for GCS. You need to set up IM
permissions correctly. Your service
account needs read access to the bucket.
The official docs walk through the whole
authentication process. You'll need the
right OOTH scopes, and you'll want to
test everything in development first.
Google also has an AI Studio demo uplet
where you can test external URLs live
just to see how it works before you
write any code. I'll drop that link in
the description. Uh, make sure you're
using the latest version of the Google
Genai SDK. They rolled out these
features with the newest SDK versions.
If you're on an older version, update
it. The change log on the official
Gemini API docs has all the details on
which models support which features. One
more thing about inline files, the 100
me limit is great, but remember it's
base 64 encoded. So your actual file
might be a bit smaller, but still going
from 20 m to 100 nmies is massive. It
means you can prototype with real world
file sizes, not just tiny samples. This
makes testing so much faster. You can
try different prompts on actual
production data, see what works, iterate
quickly, then move to GCS for the final
workflow. Now, let's talk about use
cases because this update unlocks so
many new possibilities. First, video
content analysis. You're creating
YouTube videos for your business. You
upload raw footage to GCS, register it
with Gemini, then run prompts to
generate chapters, extract quotes,
create descriptions, all automated.
Second, document processing at scale.
You've got thousands of PDFs you need to
analyze. Upload them to GCS. Register
them all. Then batch process with
different prompts. Extract data.
Summarize content. Flag important
sections. Third, audio transcription and
analysis. Customer support calls.
Podcast episodes, webinars, store them
in GCS, register with Gemini, then
analyze for insights, generate
transcripts, identify key moments.
Fourth, image analysis for marketing.
You're split testing landing pages.
You've got dozens of design variations.
Upload screenshots to GCS, register
them, then use Gemini to analyze which
designs have better hierarchy, clearer
CTAs, stronger messaging. All these use
cases were technically possible before,
but they were clunky. Now they're smooth
and production ready. And here's the
thing that gets me most excited. This
update makes AI more accessible for
smaller teams. Before you needed complex
backend systems to handle large files,
storage servers, upload managers,
expiration tracking. Now you just need a
GCS bucket and a few lines of code.
That's it. This levels the playing
field. Small agencies can build the same
powerful automation tools that big
companies use. And if you're a solo
entrepreneur running an AI automation
business, this is perfect. You can offer
sophisticated document processing
services without hiring a dev team. Just
learn the Gemini API, set up GCS, and
start building. That's the power of this
update. It removes friction, makes
things simpler, and lets you focus on
building value, not managing
infrastructure. So, if you want to learn
the full process, get the SOPs, and
access over 100 AI use cases just like
this one. Join the AI profit boardroom.
We break down exactly how to use tools
like Gemini to automate your business
and save hours every week. No fluff,
just practical workflows you can
implement today. link in the
description. And if you want to go even
deeper, check out the AI Success Lab.
It's our free AI community where you can
get all the video notes, connect with
40,000 members who are crushing it with
AI, and get access to even more
resources, links in the comments and
description. Right, that's the Google
Gemini update, 100 millm of my inline
files, GCS integration, and external URL
support. This is huge for anyone
building AI apps. If you found this
helpful, hit that like button and
subscribe for more AI updates. And
seriously, drop a comment below. Tell me
what you're going to build with this.
Julian Goldie reads every single
comment. I'll see you in the next one.
Apple just did something crazy. They let
Google take over Siri. This is the
biggest AI deal of 2026, and it changes
everything for iPhone users. Your Siri
is about to get a massive brain upgrade.
Let me show you what just happened.
Apple just made a deal with Google that
nobody saw coming. And I'm talking about
a multi-year partnership where Google's
Gemini AI is now powering Siri. Yes, the
same Apple that never works with anyone
just handed over their voice assistant
to Google. This is insane. Let me break
down what this means for you. So, here's
what happened. Apple and Google
announced this massive collaboration
where Google's Gemini AI models are now
the foundation of Apple intelligence.
That means Siri is getting rebuilt from
the ground up using Google's tech. And
this isn't just a small update. This is
Apple admitting that their AI wasn't
good enough. They looked at every AI
company out there and said Google has
the best tech. That's a big deal. Now,
you might be thinking, "Wait, Apple is
all about privacy. Why would they work
with Google?" A good question. Apple
says all your data still stays on your
device. They're using something called
private cloud compute. So, Google's AI
is the engine, but Apple controls the
car. Your personal info never goes to
Google servers. At least that's what
they're saying. But, let's talk about
why this matters. Meanwhile, Chat GPT
and Google's own AI have been crushing
it. Apple was falling behind fast and
they knew it. So instead of spending
years trying to catch up, they just
partnered with the leader. Smart move.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
SEO agency, Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. Here's what's changing with the
new Siri. First, it's going to be way
more contextual. Right now, Siri forgets
what you said 2 seconds ago. The new
Siri powered by Gemini will remember
your whole conversation. It'll
understand what you mean, even if you
don't say it perfectly. That's huge.
Second is getting personal. The new Siri
will learn how you use your phone, what
apps you open, what you search for, what
you care about, and it will start
predicting what you need before you even
ask. Imagine your phone knowing you're
about to leave for work and
automatically pulling up your calendar
and traffic info. That's the kind of
stuff we're talking about. Third, it can
handle complex tasks. Right now, if you
ask Siri to do multiple things, it gets
confused. The new Siri will be able to
plan out tasks across different apps.
Like, you could say, "Plan my trip to
New York," and it will book flights,
check hotels, add events to your
calendar, and set reminders all in one
go. That's the power of Gemini's AI. And
here's the thing. This isn't just about
Siri. Apple is using Gemini for all
their Apple intelligence features. That
means your iPhone, iPad, and Mac are all
getting smarter. We're talking about
better photo search, smarter email
replies, AI that actually understands
what you're working on and helps you get
it done faster. This is a complete AI
overhaul for Apple. Now, let's talk
about what this means for Google. This
is a massive win for them. Apple has
over 2 billion active devices. That's
two billion phones and tablets that will
now be running Google's AI tech. Even if
Google doesn't get your data directly,
they're now deeply embedded in Apple's
ecosystem. That's incredible leverage,
and it puts them ahead of OpenAI and
everyone else in the AI race. But
there's a catch. Apple still controls
the experience. They're not letting
Google slap their logo all over Siri.
Most users won't even know Gemini is
running under the hood. Apple gets to
keep their brand. Google gets the tech
win. It's a partnership that benefits
both sides. But make no mistake, Google
just got access to billions of users.
So, what does this mean for you? If you
have an iPhone, your Siri is about to
get way better. You'll be able to ask
more complicated questions, get more
useful answers, and actually trust that
your voice assistant won't screw up
every other command. This is what Siri
should have been years ago. And if
you're someone who uses AI for your work
or business, this is a wakeup call.
Apple just admitted they couldn't build
the best AI on their own, so they
partnered with someone who could. That's
a smart move. You don't have to do
everything yourself. You just need to
use the best tools available. And right
now, AI tools like Gemini, Chat, GPT,
and Claude are changing how we work.
Speaking of using the best AI tools, if
you want to learn how to save time and
automate your work with tools like
Google Gemini and other cuttingedge AI,
then you need to join the AI profit
boardroom. This is where I teach you how
to use AI to scale your output, get more
done, and save hundreds of hours with
automation. We've got members who are
using these exact strategies to 10x
their productivity and you can too. Link
is in the description. Check it out.
Now, back to this Apple Google deal. One
thing people are worried about is
privacy. And I get it. Google isn't
exactly known for keeping your data
private. But Apple has been very clear.
Your data stays on your device or if it
needs to go to the cloud, it goes to
Apple's private cloud compute, not
Google servers. So, in theory, your
information is safe. But you have to
trust that Apple is actually doing what
they say, and that's always the question
with these big tech partnerships. Here's
another angle. This deal shows how fast
the AI race is moving. Just a year ago,
everyone thought Apple would build their
own AI and compete directly with Google
and Open AI. Now, they're partnering
instead. That tells you how hard it is
to build worldclass AI. Even Apple with
all their resources couldn't keep up.
They needed help. and they went to the
company with the best foundation models.
That's Gemini. And Gemini is no joke.
Google's been working on this for years.
They've trained these models on massive
amounts of data. They understand
language, context, and nuance better
than almost anyone. That's why Apple
chose them. Not because Google paid
them, but because Gemini is legitimately
the best foundation for what Apple wants
to build. And what Apple wants to build
is an AI assistant that actually works.
One that understands you. one that helps
you get stuff done without making you
want to throw your phone across the
room. So, let's talk about what this
means for the future. If this
partnership works and Siri becomes
actually useful, then other companies
will follow. Samsung might partner with
OpenAI. Microsoft might upgrade Cortana.
Amazon might overhaul Alexa. This is the
start of a new era where voice
assistants actually become intelligent.
Not just keyword matches, but real AI
that understands context and can help
you solve problems. That's exciting, but
it's also a little scary because now
Google's AI is on billions of Apple
devices. That's a lot of power for one
company. And even if Apple controls the
experience, Google still built the
brain. They know how it works. They can
improve it. They have influence. That's
something to think about. Not saying
it's bad, just saying it's worth paying
attention to. Now, here's what you
should do. If you have an iPhone, start
testing the new Siri features when they
roll out later this year. See how much
better it is. Try asking it complex
questions. see if it can actually help
you plan tasks and get stuff done. And
if it works, share what you find because
this is going to change how we all use
our phones. And the more we test it, the
more we'll understand what's possible.
So, to wrap this up, Apple and Google
just announced a massive partnership.
Gemini is now powering Siri and Apple
intelligence. Your iPhone is about to
get way smarter. Siri will finally be
useful. And this changes the whole AI
landscape. Google gets embedded in
billions of devices. Apple gets
worldclass AI without building it
themselves and you get a voice assistant
that actually works. Everybody wins.
Well, except maybe Open AI. They just
lost a huge potential partner. And if
you want to learn how to save time and
automate your work with tools like
Google Gemini and other cuttingedge AI,
then you need to join the AI profit
boardroom. This is where I teach you how
to use AI to scale your output, get more
done, and save hundreds of hours with
automation. We've got members who are
using these exact strategies to 10x
their productivity and you can too. Link
is in the description. Check it out. And
if you want the full process, SOPs and
100 plus AI use cases like this one,
join the AI success lab. Links in the
comments and description. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 38,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. We share
strategies, tools, and real world
examples of how to use AI to get more
done in less time. It's completely free,
so check it out. All right, thanks for
watching. Hit the like and subscribe
button and I will see you in the next
one. Google Gemini's new free upgrades
are insane. Google just dropped four
massive free upgrades to Gemini and
nobody's talking about it. I'm going to
show you exactly how to use each one to
automate your business. From AI that
writes your emails to avatars that make
videos for you, this is going to save
you hours every single day. Let's go.
So, Google just released four updates to
Gemini that are completely free, and
most people have no idea these even
exist. I'm talking about the Gmail AI
inbox, Google Gems, the Stitch update,
and AI avatars inside Google Video. Each
one of these can save you hours of work,
and I'm going to show you exactly how to
use them to grow your business. But
first, let me tell you why this matters.
Most people are still doing everything
manually. They're writing every email.
They're creating every piece of content
from scratch. They're spending hours on
tasks that AI can do in seconds. And
Google just made it easier than ever to
automate all of this for free. So, let's
break down each update and I'll show you
exactly how to use them. Hey, if we
haven't met already, I'm the digital
avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of SEO
agency Goldie Agency. Whilst he's
helping clients get more leads and
customers, I'm here to help you get the
latest AI updates. Julian Goldie reads
every comment, so make sure you comment
below. First up, the Gmail AI inbox.
This is huge. Google added AI directly
into Gmail and it can do things that
used to take you hours. Here's what it
does. It can write entire emails for
you. It can summarize long email
threads. It can help you respond to
customer questions. And it does all of
this right inside your inbox. No extra
tools needed. Let me show you how this
works for a real business. Let's say you
run a community like the AI Profit
Boardroom. You get tons of emails every
day. People asking about memberships,
people asking about what's included,
people asking technical questions.
Before, you'd have to write every single
response. Now, you can use the Gmail AI
to do it for you. Here's how you'd use
it. You open an email from someone
asking about joining your community. You
click the AI helper button, and you tell
it what to do. You could say something
like this. Write a helpful email
response explaining the benefits of the
AI profit boardroom. Mention that
members get access to AI automation
tools. a community of business owners
and step-by-step training. Keep it
friendly and personal. And boom, the AI
writes the entire email for you. You can
edit it if you want or just send it.
That's it. What used to take 5 minutes
now takes 30 seconds. And if you're
getting 20 emails a day, that's hours
saved every single week. But it gets
better. The AI can also summarize long
email threads. You know, when you have
an email chain with like 15 messages and
you just need to know what's going on,
the AI can read all of it and give you a
summary in 2 seconds. This is perfect
for managing customer. Now, let's talk
about Google Gems. This is the second
update and it's a gamecher. Google gems
are custom AI assistants that you can
create for specific tasks. Think of them
like having a team of helpers. Each one
is trained to do one thing really well
and you can make as many as you want for
free. Now, if you want to dive even
deeper into AI automation, I've got
something special for you. I run a
community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Google Gemini. The
link is in the comments and description.
It's at school.com/iiprofitlab.
Here's how it works. You go into Google
Gemini. You create a new gem and you
tell it what its job is. You give it
instructions. You give it examples. And
then it becomes your personal assistant
for that task. And the cool part is once
you set it up, you can use it over and
over again. You don't have to keep
giving it the same instructions every
time. Let me give you some real examples
of how to use this. Let's say you're
running the AI profit boardroom and you
need to create content every week. You
could create a gem specifically for
writing email newsletters to your
community. You'd set it up once and tell
it exactly what to do. Here's what you
tell the gem. You are an email
newsletter writer for the AI profit
boardroom. Your job is to write helpful
emails that teach business owners how to
use AI automation. Every email should
include one actionable tip. Keep the
language simple and friendly. Focus on
helping people save time and get more
customers. Always end with a call to
action to join the community. Now, every
time you need to write a newsletter, you
just open that gem. You tell it what
topic you want to cover and it writes
the entire email in your style because
you already trained it. This is massive
because most people waste hours trying
to get AI to understand what they want.
With gems, you do it once and you're
done. Here's another example. You could
create a gem for writing social media
posts. You train it on your style, tell
it to focus on AI automation tips, tell
it to keep posts short and punchy, and
then every time you need content, you
just ask the gem and it creates it
instantly. Now, let's talk about Google
Stitch. This is the third update and
it's a gamecher for anyone building apps
or landing pages. Stitch is Google's AI
design tool that turns your ideas into
actual user interfaces. and they just
added Gemini Flash to it, which makes it
insanely fast. So, what does Stitch
actually do? Simple. You describe what
you want in plain English and it builds
the interface for you, complete with
layouts, colors, buttons, everything.
Then it gives you the actual code, HTML,
and CSS ready to go. You can also upload
a sketch or screenshot and it'll turn
that into a working design. Let me show
you how this works for a real business.
Let's say you want to create a new
landing page for the AI profit
boardroom. You want it to convert
visitors into members. You want it to
show all the value of AI automation and
you want it to look professional and
Stitch builds it the entire page with
all the sections you ask for proper
spacing, good colors, clean layout, and
you get the code to actually use it.
That's powerful because most people
spend days or weeks building landing
pages. With Stitch, you get a working
version in minutes. Here's why this
matters. Fast for iteration helps you
design better products. Think about it.
If you're creating a landing page for
your community, you probably don't get
it perfect the first time. You want to
test different headlines, different
layouts, different call to action
buttons. See what converts better. With
Gemini Flash and Stitch, you can create
10 different versions in the time it
used to take to make one. Try a version
with the benefits at the top. Try
another with testimonials first. Test
different color schemes, different
button placements, all in minutes. Then
you pick the one that works best. Now,
here's where things get really
interesting. The fourth update is AI
avatars inside Google Video. This is
brand new and it's insane. And Google
now lets you create AI avatars that can
present your content for you and they
look realistic, like really realistic.
Here's how it works. You create a script
for what you want to say. You upload it
to Google Video. You choose an avatar
and the AI creates a video of that
avatar saying your script with facial
expressions, with natural voice, with
hand gestures, everything. Now, why does
this matter? Because creating video
content is hard. Most people hate being
on camera or they don't have time to
record or they don't have good
equipment. This solves all of that. You
can create professionallook videos
without ever turning on a camera. Let me
show you how to use this for your
business. Let's say you want to create a
welcome video for new members of the AI
Profit Boardroom. You want to explain
what they get when they join. You want
to show them how to get started and you
want it to feel personal and welcoming.
You'd write a script like this. Welcome
to the AI Profit Boardroom. I'm so glad
you're here. In this community, you're
going to learn how to use AI to automate
your business, save hundreds of hours,
and get more customers. Let me show you
how to get started. First, check out the
getting started guide in the resources
section. Then, join us in the community
chat where you can ask questions and
connect with other members. We also have
weekly training sessions where we break
down the latest AI tools. I can't wait
to see what you build with AI. You
upload that script to Google Video,
choose an avatar, and boom, you have a
professional welcome video, and you
didn't have to record anything. You
didn't have to edit anything. The AI did
it all. Here's another way to use this.
You could create training videos for
your community without being on camera.
Just write the script, let the avatar
present it, and you can create unlimited
training content. This is huge for
scaling your business because now you
can create content faster than ever
before. You could also use this for
marketing. Create explainer videos about
your products. Create testimonial style
videos. Create FAQ videos answering
common questions. All without filming
anything. Now, let me tie this all
together because here's what most people
don't understand. These four updates
work even better when you use them
together. Let me show you what I mean.
Let's say you're growing the AI profit
boardroom and you want to create a
complete marketing system using these
free tools. Here's what you'd do. First,
you'd use Google Gems to create a custom
AI assistant for writing content. You'd
train it on your style. You'd give it
examples of your best emails and posts.
And now you have an AI that can write
content that sounds like you. Second,
you'd use that gem to write scripts for
videos, educational content, marketing
content, whatever you need. The gem
writes it in your style automatically.
Third, you'd use the AI avatars to turn
those scripts into videos. No filming
needed. Just upload the script and the
avatar presents it. You'd use the Gmail
AI to follow up with people who watch
your videos, send them personalized
emails, answer their questions, guide
them to join your community. That's a
complete marketing system. Content
creation, video production, email
follow-up, all automated, all using free
tools from Google. Now, if you want to
dive even deeper into AI automation,
I've got something special for you. I
run a community called the AI Profit
Boardroom. The best place to scale your
business, get more customers, and save
hundreds with AI automation. Learn how
to save time and automate your business
with AI tools like Google Gemini. And if
you want the full process, SOPs, and 100
plus AI use cases like this one, join
the AI success lab. You'll get all the
video notes from there, plus access to
our community of 40,000 members who are
crushing it with AI. The link is in the
comments and description. It's at
school.com/iprofitlab.
Today we have a brand new update from
Google. As Gmail is entering the Gemini
era, there's a brand new update inside
Google Gmail that basically makes Gmail
an AI powered AI agent. Okay, you can
see here they've said here's a look at
where Gmail is going in 2026. This was
just announced literally today, a few
hours ago. And essentially what they're
doing is saying today three billion
users rely on Gmail to connect and get
things done. AI has been a big part of
that blah blah blah. But now what
they're actually doing is bringing a new
update into the inbox that uses AI
overviews. The way that you can use this
is you can go to Gmail. So it's rolling
out to pro users and also to ultra
users. And I think they're planning it
to bring it out to those users first and
then it'll be free for everyone else as
well. And what you can see for example
is you can open up Gemini in the top
right here or you can actually use the
compose feature at the bottom here to
use Google Gemini and the AI update
inside Gmail. So for example, if I go to
ask Gemini here, I'm like, okay, what
restaurant in Bangkok did I go to last
year? And it actually uses an AI agent
to search through the inbox and automate
my Gmail like you can see. actually
gives us some ideas of where I went,
which restaurants I went to, etc. And
you can also see here, you can actually
do follow-ups. So, for example, you
could say, "Show me my unread emails or
show me emails with attachments." But
the main point here is that you can
actually automate your emails and you
can filter through them and quickly sift
through them. So, if you're struggling
to find stuff or if you're like, "Okay,
I need emails between this date and this
date." Maybe you're going back and doing
your expenses as well and that sort of
thing. It's pretty useful. As you can
see here, they've said your inbox is
full of important information, but
accessing it requires you to become a
power searcher. And even when you find
the right emails, you're often left
staring at a list of messages, forced to
dig through the text to piece together
the answer. And that's why we're
introducing AI overviews. So, this is
similar to Google search. For example,
if we go to Google search here, what
you'll see inside Google search, for
example, is you had have this AI
overviews, right? And that basically
pulls out like an automated response
from the AI. And so when you go to Gmail
now, it's basically using the same sort
of technology to power that too. And
when you ask your inbox a question, we
use Gemini to generate a simple AI
overview with the answer. Instead of
hunting for keywords or digging through
a year of emails, just use natural
language like who was the plumber that
gave me a quote for the bathroom
renovation last year. And then Gemini
advanced response and reasoning pulls
the answer instantly summarizing the
exact details you need. So let's have
another example here. If we go to Gemini
and we're like, okay, where did I fly
last year? We'll head into and that
should actually look through the whole
of Gmail and search through. Now, you
can also reference workspace files as
well. But you can see here it's
basically got a summary of like where we
went and it has the sources for all of
that. So, it actually sources the emails
like you can see so you know it's not
like hallucinating or something like
that. Now if we go back over here other
stuff you can actually do inside the
inbox as well is you can get things done
faster. So for example like writing
suggested replies proof reading etc. And
this is something that everyone can use.
So they said starting today everyone can
use help me write to polish emails or
draft them from scratch. And this is
using the help me write feature which is
pretty powerful. And these are new
suggested replies like an update to
smart replies which uses the context of
your conversation to offer relevant
one-click responses that match how you
write. So here's an example. You can see
how it works here. So if we have a look
at this video, you can see for example,
you can pull up an example email and
then it will actually come up with a
suggested reply as you can see and then
you can decide to edit that or that sort
of thing. Right now if we pull up a new
email and we click on compose, we can
then write an example here. So it's okay
an update of the latest AI news today.
Hit create and that actually draft an
email with AI. As you can see right
here, you just insert the summary but it
basically drafts email. Now if you like
that then that's good to go and you can
just click on insert and then it'll
actually insert the email body like you
can see right here and just automate our
emails. So it's pretty nice, pretty easy
to use, quite straightforward, pretty
powerful. The other thing that you can
do as well is you can see what matters
most. This is called the AI inbox
feature. And so you can see a feature
here that says AI inbox. And it
basically gives you like your suggested
to-dos and list of stuff from today. So
you'll see how it will actually
summarize your inbox when you're inside
there as well. And it gives you like a
snapshot of to-dos from important emails
basically so you can stay ahead of like
everything that you've got to do. So, a
lot of people use your inbox as like a
to-do list or you get loads of tasks and
stuff to implement from there. Or you
can use Gmail now to actually automate
that using this process. So, you can see
here it says your inbox fieldbook
updates. Some are critical, others are
just noise. The new AI inbox filters out
the clutter so you can focus on what's
most important. AI inbox is having a
personalized briefing highlighting
to-dos and catching you on what matters.
So, you can see an example right there.
And then it says, "Many of these
improvements are made possible by Gemini
3, which is obviously their new model.
These new capabilities begin rolling out
today in the US, as well as AI Pro and
Ultra subscribers. They're going to
start with English and then they're
going to start rolling out more
languages in the coming months. Pretty
powerful feature right there. You can
see how you can use the AI agent on the
right hand side. You've got different
suggestions and that sort of thing. You
can also over here like you can plug in
the bots or the agents you've built
previously. So for example, I've got my
SEO content writer there, sales page
ideator, etc. And then you can also get
more suggestions on what Gmail can
actually do in Gemini can do inside
Gmail. As you can see as well, pretty
easy to set up. What I've actually done
as well is inside the AI success lab,
which is a free community from me that
connects you with 44,700
members. As you can see inside the
classroom here, if we go to January
2020, you actually got a full breakdown
with resources of how to use this, all
the details, what it means, etc. But the
main thing is here, like you don't need
to dig through like 47 email threads to
find that one quote from last year or
you don't need to scroll through
hundreds of messages to try and remember
um who said what and what's going on
back there. So, it's pretty good. And
also, how much time do we waste on Gmail
and answering emails and that sort of
thing, right? It's very time consuming
for very little reward honestly most of
the time. So it's good to automate
something like this. The other thing as
well what I've actually done is created
a framework a 30-day system that you can
implement to really automate your
emails. The old way was like searching
keywords and hoping you find the right
email. Opening 15 tabs of different
email threads. Scrolling through
hundreds of messages manually piecing
together information from multiple
conversations. forgetting about
important follow-ups buried in your
inbox and then missing opportunities
because you couldn't find the details
fast enough. But with this new update,
really the new way is like you ask your
inbox, okay, what quote did I give for
whatever client last year or whatever or
what you can focus on that particular
task. You get automatic conversation
summaries when you open long threads. AI
identifies your VIP contacts based on
who you actually email frequently. You
get a summary of all your emails and the
important emails right at the top. Your
suggested replies are written in your
voice and tone and one question equals
one answer instead of hunting through
emails all day. These are some of the
best updates from this particular thing.
What I've also done is I've included
inside the the resources from today over
100 prompts that you can use for Gmail
AI and business automation. Right? So
for example, there's a bunch of example
prompts right here that you can ask
inside Gmail. So for example like Gmail
AI search examples it could be like find
emails from potential customers I didn't
respond to. We all know that things can
drop inside the inbox. What commitments
did I make via email? Find emails
mentioning competitors or alternatives
for my services or show me emails from
people who downloaded my free resource
etc. Right? You can just get a bunch of
ideas right here. So it's pretty
powerful. Let's say you're a business
owner. One easy way to use this is like
you can actually search for your inbox,
automate finding previous customer
proposals or previous customer
conversations and that sort of thing.
You also have a settings option here as
well. So if we click on enter, so you
can go for that. I actually don't have
the AI inbox feature at the top, but
I've got Gemini built in right there as
well. So a lot of these features I think
will come out later as it rolls out
across the web, but you can get an idea
of okay, here's what you can do and
here's how you can use it, etc. So you
can see a bunch of ideas right here. So,
thanks so much for watching. If you want
to get all the video notes and the free
training from today, feel free to get
that inside the AI success lab. This is
a powerful community that connects you
with over 44,700
AI builders just like you who are
interested in this stuff. You can see
how active the community is. And this is
completely free. Now, if you go to the
classroom, then you go to January 2026,
you can see a breakdown of all my latest
trainings, including the training from
today with a full 30-day implementation
guide. And if you want to get help,
support, if you want to connect with me
personally, and if you want to join an
amazing community that's here to help
you and support you with AI automation
and applying it to your business, feel
free to get the AI profit boardroom.
Inside here, you actually get a daily
accountability group, so you can make
sure you get stuff done. I've got a lot
of people winning with AI inside the AI
profit boardroom as well. For example,
like Jay created his first AI video
project. Barb is making massive progress
as well. Vladimir is creating mini
courses. Darren created his first NA10
workflow, right? There's just so many
people winning with AI inside the AI
profit boardroom. And this is because
it's a community that's learning,
growing, sharing wins together. Inside
the classroom here as well, you'll get
all my best training. For example, if
you want to apply AI to your business,
then you can use the AI profit boardroom
training as you can see right here. and
you can go from like beginner to expert
in just 5 weeks. Plus, learn how to
implement your first AI agent in under 5
minutes. On top of that, you'll get my
best trainings on, for example, how to
automate AI avatar videos. You'll get
trainings on how to get more clients,
and also my best AI SEO automations,
plus a full road map on how to grow a
YouTube channel with AI in just six
weeks. And we do four weekly coaching
sessions a week. So, you can jump on
these coaching calls, ask questions, get
help, get support, and if you can't make
them, no problem. You can actually watch
back the call recordings inside the
classroom right here. Google just
dropped Gemini 3 Pro, and most people
are using it completely wrong. They're
treating it like chat GPT. Big mistake.
This thing thinks differently, works
differently, and gets you better
results. I'm going to show you exactly
how to use it the right way. Today,
we're talking about Gemini 3 Pro. This
is Google's thinking model and it's
built for one thing, solving real
business problems, not writing poems,
not casual chat, real strategy work. I'm
going to walk you through the exact
system I use step by step. No fluff. By
the end of this video, you'll know how
to use Gemini 3 Pro better than 99% of
people. Let's go. First thing, you need
to make sure you're actually using
Gemini 3 Pro. Go to gemini.google.com.
Look at the top of the screen. You'll
see a model selector. Click it. Choose
the thinking model. That's Gemini 3 Pro.
Why does this matter? Because the
default model is built for speed, fast
answers, quick responses. But Gemini 3
Pro is built for deep thinking. It
reasons through problems. It plans. It
synthesizes information. If you skip
this step, you're using the wrong tool
for the job. Here's where most people
fail. They ask vague questions like,
"Help me with marketing." That's
useless. Gemini doesn't know what to
optimize for. You need a concrete
outcome. Let me show you what I mean.
Let's say I want to grow the AI profit
boardroom. My goal is clear. Get 200
qualified leads in the next 60 days.
People who actually want to learn AI
automation for their business. That's
specific. That's measurable. That's what
Gemini can work with. So instead of
saying, "Help me grow my community," I
say, "Create a lead generation strategy
to get 200 sales qualified leads for the
AI profit boardroom in 60 days." See the
difference? One is vague, the other is a
mission. Now, here's where Gemini 3 Pro
gets powerful. It has a feature called
deep research. This is not normal
search. This is AI that browses the web,
compares sources, and builds reports for
you. Here's how you use it. Start a new
chat. Click on tools. Select deep
research. Now, give it a research task.
For example, I might say, analyze the
most effective lead generation
strategies for online communities in the
last 60 days. Focus on cost per lead,
conversion rates, and channel
performance back scheme. Before it
starts, Gemini shows you what it's going
to do, the keywords it'll search, the
sites it'll check, the data it'll pull.
You can review it. Then click start
research. And here's the crazy part. It
doesn't just give you one answer. It
goes deep. It finds recent case studies.
It compares different approaches. It
gives you citations. This replaces hours
of Google searches and note-taking.
Quick break. If you're watching this and
thinking, I need to learn how to
actually use AI to grow my business. You
need to check out the AI profit
boardroom. This is where we teach you
how to automate your business with tools
like Gemini 3 Pro. We show you the exact
systems, the prompts, the workflows,
everything you need to save time and
scale faster using AI automation. Link
is in the description. Okay, back to it.
Here's a trick most people don't know
about. You can use Gemini to analyze
your competitors. Let's say someone in
your industry has a video that's
crushing it or a webinar that converts
like crazy. Paste the link into Gemini.
Then ask it to break down why it works.
For example, I might paste a
competitor's YouTube video about AI
tools. Then I ask, "Analyze this video.
What's the hook? What objections does it
handle? Where does retention spike?
What's the call to action structure?"
Gemini pulls the transcript. It studies
the pattern. It tells you exactly why it
converts. This is gold. You're not
guessing anymore. You're learning from
what's already proven. And here's the
best part. You can save all of this.
Click the three dot menu. Export to
Google Docs. It saves automatically to
your drive. Now you have a research
library you can reference anytime. Now
we're going to level this up. Gemini can
access your Google Workspace. That means
your docs, your drive files, your actual
business data. Here's how you turn it
on. Go to settings. Find connected apps.
Enable Google Workspace. Why does this
matter? Because now Gemini isn't just
working from the internet. It's working
from your real information. Let me show
you how powerful this is. Start a new
chat. Type a workspace. This tells
Gemini to look at your files. Now you
can ask things like, "Find my research
report from earlier or pull up last
month's campaign data or show me the
sales objections document." Gemini
searches your drive. It finds the files.
It pulls the information. No more
digging through folders. No more
forgetting where you save something.
It's all instant. And here's where it
gets really smart. You can combine your
internal data with external research.
Let me give you an example. I might ask
what content performed best for the AI
profit boardroom last quarter. And how
does that compare to current industry
trends? Gemini looks at my files. It
remembers the deep research it did
earlier. It connects both. The answer
isn't generic. It's specific to my
business. Here's a mistake people make.
They upload one file at a time. They
drip feed information. that slow and it
limits what Gemini can do. Instead,
upload everything at once. Your service
descriptions, your pricing, your
customer objections, your past campaign
results, all of it. Why? Because Gemini
3 Pro can handle massive context. The
more information it has, the smarter it
gets. It starts seeing patterns. It
connects dots you didn't see. For the AI
Profit Boardroom, I might upload our
course outline, testimonials, common
questions people ask, and the types of
businesses we help. Now, when I ask for
a strategy, Gemini knows everything.
Now, we get to the strategy. Ask Gemini
to create a plan. But don't just say,
"Make me a marketing plan." Be specific.
Tell it what you want. Tell it what to
avoid.
Give it constraints. For example, I
might say, "Create a 60-day lead
generation plan for the AI profit
boardroom. Focus on YouTube, email, and
community partnerships. Our audience is
business owners who want to automate
with AI. Don't suggest tactics we've
already tried like paid ads. Make it
actionable and specific. The output you
get is different. It's not generic
advice. It's built around your data,
your audience, your constraints. It's a
real plan you can actually execute. And
if something doesn't make sense, you can
ask follow-up questions. Why did you
suggest YouTube shorts over long form?
How would this work if we have a small
team? Gemini explains its reasoning.
Here's something most people don't know.
Gemini 3 Pro can create images. You
don't need a designer. You don't need
Canva. Click on tools. Select create
images. Now, describe what you want. But
here's the key. Reference the strategy
you just built. For example, I might
say, create a hero image for the AI
profit boardroom landing page. Show
someone using AI tools to grow their
business. Make it clean, professional,
and energetic. Include text that says,
"Automate your business with AI.
Gemini generates it and because it knows
the context from our conversation, the
style matches. The message is on point.
The visual supports the strategy. Now,
let me show you something that separates
the pros from the beginners. It's called
prompt chaining. This is where you take
Gemini's output and use it as input for
the next task. Most people stop after
one answer, but the real power is in the
sequence. Here's how this works in
practice. Let's say Gemini just gave me
that 60-day lead generation plan. I
don't just take it and leave. I go
deeper. I might say, "Take week one of
this plan and break it down into daily
tasks with time estimates." Then I take
that output and say, "Now create email
templates for each outreach task in week
one." Then I go further. Create a
tracking spreadsheet to measure results
for these tactics. See what's happening?
Each answer builds on the last. By the
end, I don't just have a strategy. I
have a complete execution system. And
here's the beautiful part. You can
template this entire workflow. Save your
prompts. Save the sequence. Next time
you need to build a campaign or solve a
similar problem, you're not starting
from scratch. You're running a proven
system through Gemini. That's how you go
from spending hours on strategy to
getting it done in 20 minutes. One more
advanced technique before we wrap up.
You can use Gemini to audit and improve
your existing content. Let's say you
have a sales page that's not converting
or an email sequence that's getting low
open rates. Don't guess what's wrong.
Let Gemini diagnose it. Upload the page
or paste the email sequence. Then ask,
analyze his sales page for the AI profit
boardroom. What friction points might
stop someone from buying? What
objections aren't being addressed? Where
does the copy lose momentum? Gemini
reads it like a conversion expert. It
spots the gaps. It tells you exactly
what to fix. And because it has all your
context from earlier in the
conversation, it suggests improvements
that actually fit your business. This
evolve this is the difference between
using AI as a toy versus using it as a
business tool. A toy gives you random
answers. A tool gives you systematic
results. Gemini 3 Pro is a tool, but
only if you use it like one. Here's the
big thing. Don't treat Gemini like a
chatbot. Treat it like a project engine.
Give it everything up front. Your goals,
your data, your constraints, your past
results. Let it see the full picture.
Most people ask one question, get one
answer, then ask another question.
That's inefficient. Instead, load the
context, upload your files, connect your
workspace, then ask the big questions.
Let Gemini work across all of it at
once. That's when you get the
breakthrough insights. Right? If you
want the full breakdown of how to use AI
tools like Gemini 3 Pro to actually grow
your business, you need to join the AI
profit boardroom. We give you the
prompts, the systems, the step-by-step
processes, everything you need to
automate and scale. Link is in the
description. And if you want the full
process, SOPs, and 100 plus AI use cases
like this one, join the AI success lab.
It's our free AI community. Links in the
comments and description. You'll get all
the video notes from there, plus access
to our community of 40,000 members who
are crushing it with AI. That's it for
today. If you got value from this, smash
that like button, subscribe if you
haven't already, and remember, Julian
Goldie reads every comment, so drop your
thoughts below. See you in the next one.